Committed. Thanks Ning	1
Sorry I meant ZOOKEEPER-1239.	-1
"Hi  Ted  Matteo  Thanks for the review. The commands.rb has some existing logic that tries to 'rescue' some exceptions. It will get more and more difficult to keep it generic artificially as we evolve and add more ... The approach to expand (instead of shrink) this logic is not a bad or ugly one ...  But your suggested solution is fine.  "	1
"Thanks to both of you  and to Deepesh for the initiative. "	1
I just committed this. thanks steven!	1
"Thanks  Willem. Sorry  I was trying to get to the wiki but it's been a busy week. "	1
"Created an attachment (id=12544) mimeInput.eml for this test case "	0
Thanks Jimmy.	1
"This bug is fixed in 2.7  closing it down per the request by the reporter  Anuj Gupta."	0
add keyword [PATCH] to description.	0
"Hi Charles  thanks for the confirmation... We will chat with Willem  I'm off today but will work for a couple of days this week... Sergey  "	1
"Aha   thanks for the information. That makes sense. Glad to hear that it helped! :)"	1
"We can't upgrade to maven-assembly-plugin 2.3 as it breaks the build on MacOS  due to https://jira.codehaus.org/browse/MASSEMBLY-588."	0
it belongs to faces 1.2 :)	1
Sorry for the noise..	-1
It was my mistake.	-1
I just committed this to trunk and branch-0.23. Thanks Arun!	1
"Sorry  I thought issue (and provided patch) were about cocoon-servlet-service-impl  used by either C2.2 and C3 but only now I see that instead they are related to cocoon-servlet-service-components (C2.2 only)."	-1
Good idea especially if you have a use case for that.	1
Thanks for fixing it!	1
patch attached.	0
I think we are very close too.	1
":)  I've renamed ComponentColorProperty to be ComponentColorElement and RelationshipAggregation to TwistieAggregation."	1
"Committed to trunk. Thanks  Teddy!"	1
My misunderstanding.	-1
"Honestly  there is no way around this issue - of course we must discuss and come to some solution regarding Lucene/Solr at this point."	-1
"Sorry Chris   I missed it, done !"	-1
@Ashutosh: thanks a lot for the comments.	1
"Thanks Imran.  Fixed in LUNI module at repo revision r568966.  Please check it was fixed as you expected. "	1
(I could not get what KEYWORD means.)	-1
"Sorry  missed that select-box."	-1
"Hi Mike   Do you know how to get the virtual machine file? The link to download from the rcmes web site is broken.  Thanks.   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Jinwon Kim Dept. Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences and Joint Institute for Regional Earth System Science and Engineering University of California, Los Angeles Los Angeles, CA 90095-1565 "	1
"Well  since you didn't respond to my request I finally did without and checked out what you did.  First of all looking at CIncludeTransformer I have to say that I don't understand why it is doing its own caching. Caching should be the concern of pipelines and sources. If you want preemptive loading of cached content this would much better be implemented as a Source wrapper. In fact we now have such a class in the scratchpad area.  One unpleasant implication of the current design is that as an unsuspecting user of this class, when you turn on caching in this transformer, the cached contents of any included cocoon:// source that identifies a caching pipeline would be cached twice! Once by the pipeline itself and once by the CIncludeTransformer.  Now concerning your patch. I don't quite understand why you retain the validity of the cached contents. The algorithm the caching pipeline uses to determine the validity of the cached contents is as follows: first it looks at the validity of the cached pipeline contents itself, then if the validity by itself indicates it needs a current validity to check against then the pipeline contructs a pipeline validity by calling the participating components' getValidity() methods. If your component now returns the same validity object that you previously returned then that does not make much sense to me.  Since I really needed this functionality myself and I didn't have enough time to discuss and refactor the CIncludeTransformer I implemented my own very basic IncludeTransformer that does exactly what I need, no more no less. I'll post it here if anyone want to use it.  I also looked at the XIncludeTransformer to see if I could implement caching in that one instead. But it seems that the XIncludeTransformer reads included content from URL objects instead of from Source objects."	0
"Hi Marco   I changed the name of patch because it was made in Java earliar, sorry for inconvenience."	-1
"Looks good to me. Works for me   too. :-) "	1
"You are missing my point  sorry   By 'check in normally' I mean just commit them using 'svn add ...' 'svn commit ..' not 'svn import' you cant do that.  people.apache.org was down for a while, but is now back ,that however is not related as you dont need to access people.apache.org to commit to svn. "	-1
"I just committed this to Trunk. Thanks!  NOTE: made some slight changes to patch to apply correctly to Trunk."	1
"Sorry Gav DONE Committed @revision 2487."	-1
"It's hard to say. I lost 5 nodes in about an hour  but I don't know how many I lost last time"	0
This is a great suggestion.	1
"Here is the curent state. It is the samples/servlet/src/script/share build.xml. It work for tomcat5x (it is hard coded). The test are passe but I need to remove TestSampleFilter.java, TestFilterHttpHeaders.java and TestBasicAuthentication.java from the test execution. I don't know why they failed but continu to look at this.  Nicolas,"	0
I just committed this. Thanks Nicholas!	1
"This looks like a fine approach to me. Thanks for putting the patch together. +1. "	1
I'm sorry.	-1
Sorry.	-1
Thanks for the work Haohui! I've committed it to branch-1.	1
"Red color isn't really important  it was just a suggestion to be more homogeneous ... but that can be revisited in a different jira. I agree an option is a good idea for automatically acknowledging hosts.  Not sure what the default should be: the current behavior is obviously to not confirm, so we could keep that one, or go for a safer one, I don't have any strong opinion on that."	1
"Hey  thanks for that  I gave it some testing and thought about it over the weekend and it looks perfect  thanks!  - Aidan"	1
"This doesn't exactly seem fixed to me. First of all  I can't make this work on an actual RELEASED version of the plugin. Second  I can't even get the most recent snapshot to work at all. The POM includes all sorts of noise that just shouldn't be required  per Chris's point. Can this issue get some attention? I'm fairly certain this plugin just flat out doesn't work in its current state."	0
a patch is attached to camel-606 also address this issue.	0
"Sorry once again for the wrong report  Stephane"	-1
This was very bad documented.	-1
Maurice I don't have such option or maybe I don't know where it is.	-1
"If so  a test that succeeds with errors is confusing as hell..."	-1
"Hi [~wikimore]  [~michaelstockton]  or any other Ruby user: I'd really like to commit that  but I need someone of you to review and confirm before. So if you want this being part of the next release .... thank you!  "	1
ah - my bad.	-1
v2 Looks good to me.	1
Awesome discussion.	1
WOW....you are right...I'm deeply sorry to bother you guys (and I'm also a bit embarrassed).	-1
"We can get average column size from row size / column count  so we could make it ""If column size > N bytes or sstable is older than gc_grace_period."""	0
Thanks Oliver.	1
I meant the findbugs addon. Sorry for the confusion.	-1
My bad!	-1
I have attached a patch that provides the necessary translations.	0
That sounds good. New patch uploaded.	1
Hudson is stuck.	-1
Patch applied. Thanks Matt!	1
"Somehow it seems that this problem is more on the rubygems side. I didn't have time to investigate it any further  but looks like rubygems is using @gems internally sometimes as a hash and sometimes as an array.  You could try doing the following change in rubygems/source_index.rb (line 410):  410c410 <       @gems.replace(new_index.gems) --- >       @gems = Hash[*new_index.flatten]"	0
Damn it !	-1
Committed. Thanks Hitesh!	1
"Sorry it took so long to drag this up.  I think the issue I had was with the Customer => BillingInfo and Customer => ShippingInfo relationships.  BillingInfo and ShippingInfo each inherit from Address.  IIRC  a runtime relationship was being created for Customer => Address  which was messing things up.  I'll have to dig through the SVN history to see what I did with mandatory relationships that I mentioned being problematic in the initial bug submission."	-1
I am currently trying to get it into AJDT dev builds but my git push is timing out (damn thing!	-1
"Also  your username was stupidly named and confusing  so I deleted it and created a new one more appropriate."	-1
"It was looking good for jackrabbit  for modeshape there is one more tweak required"	0
"Sorry  it seems I forgot a few references to 2.0.2 in ./deps/cxf-all I'm attaching a new patch to fix these references."	-1
The biggest problem is that we've had too many committers over the years and we'd have to get all of their permission to change it.	-1
Committed to TRUNK.  Thanks for review Prakash.	1
User specified directory is not created by agent	0
"Thanks for the revision  Jørgen! I think the release notes look good now. I will resolve the issue after a few days, to allow for any feedback on Knut's suggestion. "	1
"I have added <property file=""framework/base/config/cache.properties""/> <echo message=""NOTICE: deleting ${cache.file.store}.db""/> <delete file=""${cache.file.store}.db"" verbose=""true""/>  to the clean task of my local main build.xml.  After some more testing/discussion perhaps I will post it as a patch. "	0
"Thanks Alex.  It looks like a good path to solve this issue."	1
Patch looks good to me.	1
I really like what I am seeing so far.	1
Need to add the reconciler as part of the keyspace attributes...  just so I don't forget.	0
Yes exactly -- sorry to be so unclear.	-1
Tests no longer sleep	-1
Committed. Thanks Ning	1
"I have committed this.  Thanks  Aaron!"	1
"Make AMP constants refer to &amp; instead of & and uses the AMP constant instead of ""&amp;""  added additional test case in UrlHelperTest "	0
"I just noticed your public tweet...  bq. ""@wilhelmbierbaum True. Fuck the Avro C API."" "	-1
Thanks Uwe!	1
"Now why did I not think of that... :) Great idea  I'll move the files to svn!"	1
"Thanks  Amar!"	1
1.2.x patch attached	0
"Patch Commited  closing bug"	0
"Committed revision 698035.  it's just about having an optional ant property for specifying the full path to svnversion ... i've made the Hudson config changes for Lucene-trunk (add -Dsvnversion.exe=/opt/subversion-current/bin/svnversion) and manually kicked off build#594.  If i missed something, re-open and i'll take a look"	0
I checked out the patch.  It looks good to me.	1
"Just as we did in HBASE-770  need to check our hbaserpc to make sure it has any changes from hadoop included when we move to 0.18 hadoop jars."	0
"committed  thanks!"	1
which is silly -- bad package encapsulation).	-1
"Attaching updated patches. Arun  let me know it this looks good.  Thanks"	1
"Hi Nick   Can you please re-create this patch as I can't get the code to compile?  For starters, I can't get the class AttributeImplItem to compile.  Please use the latest trunk when doing so  Thanks.  -- George"	1
"Sorry  I didn't look at the package thoroughly enough. I now see that it can be used in the non-RPC cases also. "	-1
"Hi   I was going to join in on reporting this problem. I had recently downloaded a build from 10/17/2005 in order to fix a problem I was experiencing with jscookmenu. It was not until today that I ran a test in IE and found inputcalendar didn't work. I had the same JavaScript error: dateFormatSymbols. The calendar worked fine in Firefox.  Today I downloaded MyFaces 1.1.1RC3 and can confirm that this problem no longer seems to exist for me.  Cheers, Kevin "	0
App developers never do what they should :)	-1
"Hi Atul  that looks good at a first glace."	1
Thanks to Mathias Werlitz - sorry for the delay.	-1
I just committed this to trunk and branch-2.0. Thanks Xeiguiming!	1
Sorry about the confusion before	-1
Sorry that I think I missed some discussion in the mailing list. The implementation and test and BreakIterator is attached.	-1
For those of us who don't care about ivy in fact lose something - a easy to build hbase.	-1
"Thanks  patch applied. "	1
Committed to trunk. Thanks Prasad!	1
Thanks Tom!	1
@Lars I don't think it would be all that different. I'll take a crack next week (after dealing with the next round of HBASE-6055 stuff).	0
"Committed a slightly cleaned up version of the patch in revision: 1464605  Thanks for your help Todd."	1
Awesome. Thanks!	1
Last try.	-1
The patch is generated against the latest trunk.	0
"Hi Michael  thank you for your answer. I thought that it would not be so easy to solve this issue. Unfortunately.  I agree with you that the main problem here is that a copy action is missing and I guess AttachStrategy.persist is the right place to add some kind of copy functionality.  I started looking into the source code of the enhanced class from the test. PersistenceCapable declares a public method to copy fields (pcCopyFields(...)). Unfortunately you can't use in AttachStrategy.persist, because the entity to persist has no statemanager at this point (an exception InvalidStateException will be the result).  My suggestion is to modify the class enhancement and remove the StateManager check in pcCopyFields (I don't see the need for this check). Afterwards you can use pcCopyFields in AttachStrategy.persist by adding something like  ... if (manager.getCopyNew()) { int[] fields = new int[meta.getFields().length]; for (int i = 0; i < fields.length; i++) fields[i] = i; newInstance.pcCopyFields(pc, fields); } ...  This solution works for my testcase.  As an alternative you can modify (or add an additional) newInstance to copy the data.  I have no real experience with OpenJPA. Perhaps there is a much better solution. "	1
"# In DataStorage.linkAllBlocks() you commented our the {{toDir.mkdir()}} part. You probably wanted to remove it. # I would avoid all spelling, formatting, commenting, empty line changes, because they will make merging hard. # Don't think introducing {{FINALIZED_DIR_NAME}} in {{MiniDFSCluster}} is a good idea. It is better than what we have now - a plain string {{current}}. {{DataStorage}} is a public class, we should rather add a public static method to it {{getFinalizedDirectoryName()}}. Then ""finalized"" will defined only in one place."	0
Hmm ... this is quite bad.	-1
"Aside from the job succeeding (it doesn't)  what effect should I be able to measure (in order to see if this is doing anything)?"	-1
Thanks for moving so quickly on this guys.	1
I don't know what just happened.	-1
"Sorry looks like we took to long to get to this  the patch no longer applies.  Can you please upmerge to latest?"	-1
"The appassembler author has rejected a long outstanding bug in this area as ""Won't Fix""  http://jira.codehaus.org/browse/MAPPASM-54  They seem to think that because the script is not internally broken that they shouldn't need to worry about it.  "	0
Thanks again to Claudio Tasso	1
"{quote} This wasn't a problem with my patch, right?  That was an issue of the mahout script in trunk itself? {quote}  Yes it was a problem with the script in trunk. I believe this was due to the fact that the job files were on the classpath instead of all of the dependency jars. Adding the job files to the classpath does not add the dependency jars they contain to the classpath as well. So, no you didn't add this, but it should be fixed (and is in the patch)  {quote} What is the -core option for?  I've never used it, how does it work? {quote}  when you're running bin/mahout in the context of a build the -core option is used to tell it to use the build classpath instead of the classpath used for a binary release. This just follows the pattern established (by Doug?) in the hadoop and nutch launch scripts.  {quote} Also added a help message for the 'run' argument. {quote}  near line 72 in bin/mahout: (this is different from the --help question I had)  {code} echo ""  seq2sparse            generate sparse vectors from a sequence file"" echo ""  vectordump            dump vectors from a sequence file"" echo ""  run                   run mahout tasks using the MahoutDriver, see: http://cwiki.apache.org/MAHOUT/mahoutdriver.html"" {code}  {quote} So you already added the ability to load via classpath, right? If we merge that way of thinking with what I'm currently working on (having a configurable ""MAHOUT_CONF_DIR"" which is used for all these props files), we could just have the mahout shell script just add MAHOUT_CONF_DIR to the classpath (the way you already have it adding the hardwired core/src/main/resources directory) and then it would work that way. {quote}  Yep, that should do it, as long as MAHOUT_CONF_DIR appears before src/main/resources, we should be good to go. It should be added outside of the section of the script that determines if -core has been specified on the command-line.  "	0
"Sun RI sucks  why the hell is saveState() and restoreState() not called with with javax.faces.STATE_SAVING_METHOD = server???"	-1
"Patch applied. Thanks a lot  especially for the test case. http://svn.apache.org/viewcvs?rev=240459&view=rev http://svn.apache.org/viewcvs?rev=240461&view=rev  The result for 180 and -180 is definitely wrong. There's a bug that needs to be fixed eventually. But since this is low-priority for me, I'm going to leave it for now. I've added a comment to the new test case block-container4a that explains what is wrong. So I think I'll close this issue. It's primarily for the patch, after all, and the bug won't be missed now that there is a check in our test suite. If anyone disagrees, just reopen the issue or create a new one."	1
Committed to trunk. Thanks Mathias!	1
"[~cmccabe]: oh  hell no!"	-1
"Megan  Glad to be of service : )"	1
Submitting to Hudson again. It didn't run the first time.	0
"+1  branch-2 patch looks good to me.  I'll commit this to branch-2 later today to give others a chance to comment."	1
" ----------------------------------------------------------- This is an automatically generated e-mail. To reply, visit: https://reviews.apache.org/r/4054/#review5511 -----------------------------------------------------------    pom.xml <https://reviews.apache.org/r/4054/#comment11930>  So, all proto generated files go to proto/generated?  All into the same package?  Thanks Jimmy.  Also, mind checking out Deveraj's patch?  I'd suggest at least reviewing it to figure if you fellas are using same conventions going all proto.  Good stuff   - Michael   On 2012-02-27 18:54:31, Jimmy Xiang wrote: bq. bq.  ----------------------------------------------------------- bq.  This is an automatically generated e-mail. To reply, visit: bq.  https://reviews.apache.org/r/4054/ bq.  ----------------------------------------------------------- bq. bq.  (Updated 2012-02-27 18:54:31) bq. bq. bq.  Review request for hbase. bq. bq. bq.  Summary bq.  ------- bq. bq.  This is the first draft of the ProtoBuff HRegionProtocol.  The corresponding java vs pb method mapping is attached to the jira: https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/HBASE-5443 bq. bq.  Please review.  I'd like to move ahead after we get to some agreement. bq. bq. bq.  This addresses bug HBASE-5443. bq.      https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/HBASE-5443 bq. bq. bq.  Diffs bq.  ----- bq. bq.    pom.xml 066c027 bq.    src/main/proto/HRegionProtocol.proto PRE-CREATION bq.    src/main/proto/hbase.proto PRE-CREATION bq. bq.  Diff: https://reviews.apache.org/r/4054/diff bq. bq. bq.  Testing bq.  ------- bq. bq. bq.  Thanks, bq. bq.  Jimmy bq. bq.  "	0
"These look just fine -- thanks for your hard work on all these fixes  Dag! If they are technically correct  I say +1 to commit."	1
"sure only ""/"" works. if path="""" that's considered as no path defined."	0
"Hello   Thanks a lot!  It works.  Lisa "	1
Thank you!	1
Mind taking care of this one Doug?  This looks like a 0.92.0ism so needs dnoting so in the book as for 0.92.0.  Thanks.	1
"(back from holidays  so a bit delayed  but) I confirm Andrzej's suggestion -- a plain-text only summarized is ideal for clustering for example."	-1
"Also  {noformat} +        NetUtils.getDefaultSocketFactory(conf), +        org.apache.hadoop.ipc.Client.getTimeout(conf), defaultPolicy).getProxy();{noformat} indentation is wrong in the second line"	0
No sorry.	-1
"For quick reference.... autoPagingContent is the usage in question."	0
Fix checked in at revision 648768.  Thanks Xu.	1
Damn time has flown...	-1
sorry.	-1
attached patch puts all MessageDigest creation into util class.	0
I've just committed this.  Thanks Arun!	1
"Qianshi is working on the SSL session reuse  but this buggy Bug system does not allow him assign this ticket  sigh"	-1
"+1 looks good. As for the naming: [JIRA].patch stands for trunk patch, IMO. Any branch designations can be add as qualifiers. Thanks"	1
"Yes  actually I take out the hbase part when I commit."	0
+1 This looks good.	1
"Reopened for submission to branch-1.2  per [~jlowe]."	0
:D	1
Closing as a duplicate of SLING-394	0
"BTW: This is one reason why I hate this autoboxing shit since Java 5. I would love to have a way to prevent it in code (forbidden checks should detect this somehow). "	-1
Yes 70x indicates something amiss.	0
Doh.	-1
5226_20090212.patch: added license headers.	0
"Modification of patch-2 to introduce a double class to resolve the final ambiguity for [""float"" ""double""] unions."	0
guys... this is so stupid...	-1
Seeking back is pretty inefficient in DFS.	-1
"And it will break ugly  everything seems to work  but data is never streamed to cassandra."	-1
"[~anchela]  which improvements do you have in mind?"	0
+1 the patch looks good.	1
"Thank you  + Harit Himanshu   "	1
I screwed up the encoding of the stopwords file (sorry).	-1
"I have committed the patch to trunk  branch-2  and branch-2.0.4-alpha. Thanks you Jagane!"	1
What the hell are you waiting for ?	-1
"Sorry  I'd accidentally deleted the --disable-eventfd from my compilation script."	-1
"Thanks Areek  patch looks good!"	1
sorry :)	-1
"Sorry  in rushing to commit I forgot to add author during the commit."	-1
"Integrated to trunk.  Thanks for the patch Francis. Do you want to address Ram's comment about 0.94 patch ?  Thanks for the review, Andy and Ram."	1
"Great  thanks for fixing the OSGi import. I'll create a new issue for the failing trunk build  with more info... https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/SLING-2770"	1
"I committed this.  Thanks  Raymie!"	1
"Apllied at revision: 545149  thanks! "	1
"Sorry  this should be YARN JIRA - filed YARN-350 instead"	-1
"Now with try/catch and debug level log output.  {noformat} 2011-10-23 16:10:49,699 INFO  bsp.YARNBSPJob (YARNBSPJob.java:waitForCompletion(275)) - Job succeeded! {noformat}"	0
"Hi Ivan   {quote} + long numberOfEntriesToReplicate = lastEntryId - firstEntryId; should be (lastEntryId - firstEntryId) + 1 {quote} You are right, both side entries has to be considered. Thank a lot for noticing it.  {quote} In general, I think this splitting should be in LedgerFragmentReplicator, rather than BookKeeperAdmin. This way you could avoid the need to expose the update of ledger metadata. It will make control flow a little more complex as you'll have to initiate replication on the next subfragment from the callback of the current, but i think it would encapsulate things a bit better. {quote} Yes, in general, all the split logic should be in LFR. I might pushed that code to BKAdmin because, I don't want to disturb admin key flow much, which will go through LFR. Now anyway, I moved that logic, still not disturbing BKAdmin key flows in anyway.  Attached a patch, which addresses the comments.  Also to give more confidence on split fragment scenarios, I have added multiple boundary cases for FragmentSplit.  Thanks a lot, Ivan for your nice reviews!  "	1
"bq.It handles both meta is not assigned  and it is double assigned. Yes "	0
Duplicate of MYFACES-2970	0
Committed revision 1070501.	0
"Thanks  did that. Hopefully it syncs now. Cheers --Kurt"	1
Direct link to mail item didn't work.	0
"Sorry  my bad. Let me upload what I have."	-1
"Some file were missing in the last patch  sorry."	-1
"Sorry  probably a misunderstanding from my side...."	-1
"Committed revision 728746.  Thanks Shai!"	1
"Shit  there is an dependency. Please go to Preferences -> LDAP -> Entry Editor and enable the option ""Show operational attributes""."	-1
Sorry for the huge delay Fabio.	-1
Applied patch with thanks to Chris.	1
"Looks good  thanks!"	1
"Ha sorry Varun  thanks for the reminder  I will have a look at it soon..."	-1
Thanks for raising these documentation issues! I just committed a fix.	1
"Adrian   thanks for the patch: rev."	1
Looks like the 0.95 issues are timeout related...should be good to go.	1
-1 to jar hell.	-1
I did not have time to do it yesterday.	-1
fixed. Committed revision 797662.	0
it's my bad.	-1
"dist dirs created also. "	0
"Committed revision 1142583.  I also plan to backport the fix to the 10.8 branch."	0
"Yes  bytes + comparator would work fine for jaql.  Preferably  it would be the same comparators that are already used by the sort code  which work on serialized bytes (but also on WritableComparables  so that might be a problem).  If these comparators are inconsistent  then the sort in map/reduce will not work properly.  I think it is ok to document the transitivity requirement  but I don't see how you can enforce it in any way.  Different key types are fine  as long as the comparator knows how to handle them.  If you can't reuse the same comparator interface  I can always implement my comparisons in another place  but I already have two of them (one in the WritableComparable  and one in the Comparator).  I don't see how column families and the key comparator are related, except that they are both table-level metadata. Yes, I agree that a single comparator would be used for the entire table. "	0
+1 looks good.	1
Sorry.	-1
Didn't make 1.1	0
"I abbreviated the heck out of my arguments and thinking  but damn it thats what I think :)"	-1
Applied patch with thanks to William.	1
"uploading the patch for commit to internal branch  it has review comments from sreekanth and cos implemented. "	0
"Thanks  Omkar!  I committed this to branch-0.23 as well."	1
"Created an attachment (id=356) XML parsing tool. "	0
Sorry about that.	-1
"Carl - Sorry I missed that though I did see it on the logs 2x  the other being this one. Fixed in this patch."	-1
"Colin  the approach and your patch looks good to me.  What's the latest on testing?  Eg you verified a v1 install with hsync files correctly upgraded (eg leases recovered) to v2 or trunk build with this patch?  Nicholas, do you have cycles to take a look? I spent a while paging in the relevant code and the patch/testing look good to me but would be good to have another set of eyes. The patch itself is straight-forward so mostly around subtleties. "	0
"Mike: patch reads nice and clean to me (didn't try applying though)  two nits:  1) it would be good to have a test of the case where a boolean with the default boost is specified in one bq, and a seperate blank bq is specified to force the first BQ to be treated as a single query  2) let's assign  params.getParams(DMP.BQ) to a temp variable so we don't have to call it twice in three lines."	0
"Sorry  my code base is a little old  looks like HADOOP-9147 add some new test in TestFileStatus. "	-1
"I'm sorry Mark   I came back here to remove my comment as after building the app from scratch I have found that by default it used WhenExhaustedAction = GROW and not BLOCK!"	-1
"Thanks for the reviews  guys!"	1
"I just committed this.  Thanks  Sanjay!"	1
Thanks Lukas for pointing these issues out. Will review your fixes and do the necessary changes. The JMS transport fix should go to Axis2 Transports project.	1
+1  Looks good to me.	1
Patch looks good to me.	1
This is where it gets confusing.	-1
"From step 3  do you think the double-splitting is a new phenomenon?  It doesn't sound like something that should happen very often.  Maybe that would explain why i didn't get this error in .94.0.  Also, please note I went straight from .94.0 to .94.2, so I don't know if it was present in .94.1."	0
"Committed  rev:088067c. Thanks Roman!"	1
"+1  looks good. Will check this in once Jenkins gives its blessings."	1
"Hi Sagara   Thank you very much for looking into this."	1
"Thank you  guys!"	1
Thanks Wei. I've committed your latest patch to SVN.	1
If they do then Suse's cpio works for old ascii but the -c switch is broken.	-1
Thanks Scott. git formatted patches are fine in my opinion: lets get this fixed	1
Attaching a patch that adds javadoc in the FileSystem class.	0
Applied to trunk. Thanks Andrey	1
Tried some more stuff and realized I was doing it wrong.	-1
sorry for misleading attachment name.	-1
"Sorry  forgot to mention it in issue description. I use commons-net-2.0.jar  i.e. version 2.0.  It's because Scott Bjerstedt wrote in VFS-264 that for his patch to work we need to use commons-net 2.0."	-1
"Thanks  Sanjay!"	1
"897392 Thanks Sharan ! "	1
"LGTM  +1  (and I think I'm sufficiently convinced that it's OK for 0.7.1 as well).  I think tjake was planning to commit this, so I'll leave it here for the time being, until he has a chance to look it over.  Thanks Stephen."	1
"Hi Hairong  the speedups you measured with this patch are very impressive.  It would be great to have it included in the system.  The patch still applied successfully to current trunk when I tried it.  So can you please go ahead and ""submit patch"" so we see how it does with test-patch?  And I'll review it, and try to get someone else to also.  Thanks!"	1
"Thanks Ashish  For committing the patch."	1
"Committed revision 1480515. Committed revision 1480517. "	0
That's my bad.	-1
closing since 4.1.0 is now released	0
I will try to do more research on it.	-1
Wow!	1
"Sorry ;-) +1 "	-1
Sorry again!	-1
Did you clean everything out?	0
"though I disagree with a signficant amount of statements you made I don't think we would ever come to agreement anyway."	-1
"Fixed in svn revision 533916.  thanks, dims"	1
Ok I'll add these.	0
"Stroooong ++++++1  I wanted to do that long time, but some tests were made me afraid."	-1
"I think the correct resolution is to ensure that the prefix stack mechanism gets reset each time the XMLReader is used."	-1
Looks very good. +1	1
I think its a good idea to go ahead and put a patch together so we can discuss it directly.	1
+1 thanks. Don't forget to add line to CHANGES.txt when committing	1
hi Dan!!	1
"Thanks Sian.  Patch applied in SECURITY modulke and third party notices file at repo revision r543463.  Please check it was applied as you expected. "	0
This sucks.	-1
"I committed this.  Thanks  Miki!"	1
"On 2008/Apr/08 04:09 pm Brian Minchau wrote: > > Hi Helge. > > I'm afraid you can't assign someone to review.  However I will have a look > at your patch.  Any progress in reviewing my patch?  -- Helge Schulz - http://OpenSHORE.org"	0
"Patch committed  rev: 84f4fa61b6607d8699bb28743b568f4a716b4288. Thanks Mike!"	1
Local test passed. Submit to hudson.	0
Committed by Ted today.	0
"Line 1664 (sorry  the 0.94 codeline)"	-1
My Bad.	-1
"Thank you  Ashish Vijaywargiya and Pranay Pandey :)   Thanks and Regards -- Akash Jain"	1
I too am concerned about the  DRDA 255 byte character string limit.	-1
Committed. Thanks Namit.	1
Resolved in trunk.  There were two places where the ack message was getting the Destination from the Message assigned to it instead of the Destination from the MessageDispatch command.	0
" The samples you gave are different."	-1
"@Luke  Sorry for the late  attaching latest version patch"	-1
"+1 This patch looks good. Let's remove from 0.4  and work on a better implementation on 0.5"	1
"bq. OK w/ the latest patch all tests pass for me! Great Awesome! :)"	1
"Carl Lindberg  absolutely you are right. I was not far-sighted enough to think of that. Thank you about your point.^^ My one is not a good idea. I will try to fix it. (T.T). Thanks again. "	1
First guess: something's getting confused about reversed-ness.	-1
Damn maven!	-1
"Committed  thanks!"	1
Committed. Thanks Gang Tim Liu	1
"We reported this crash to Oracle in plenty of time  and the *worse* wrong-results bug has been open since May 13: http://bugs.sun.com/bugdatabase/view_bug.do?bug_id=7044738  but Oracle decided not to fix that  too. "	-1
"I don't think there is any sense in this  who cares?  We reported this crash to Oracle in plenty of time, and the *worse* wrong-results bug has been open since May 13: http://bugs.sun.com/bugdatabase/view_bug.do?bug_id=7044738, but Oracle decided not to fix that, too. "	0
"Attaching a new patch that compiles without errors against JDK1.4.2.  It also accounts for the customizable port part (DERBY-4217), which the previous patch didn't."	0
"bq. Can we just make it final when we backport this change?  Duh no we can't since we have core IR impls subclassing IR..."	0
"Looks good.  Minor nit  can you change info.wait(0); back to info.wait();  otherwise +1."	1
"I just committed this. Thanks  Boris!"	1
"Hi Eduardo   I have tried with your settings for the timezone. I was not able to reproduce it. The meeting was correctly displayed in the calendar, the meeting times in the iCal invitations where send fine, I tried also with ""simple email"". The invitation hash also worked fine and had the correct time validity."	0
Thanks for the patch. Committed to 0.8.	1
It is not needed in trunk. Trunk will be taken care of in HADOOP-7853.	0
"+1 This patch looks reasonable to me.  Thanks  Hairong!"	1
Thank you Jing for the review.	1
Attached a patch that adds a flag for opt-in and adds a test	0
"Thanks Jon. +1. Patch looks good.  Minor nitpick I have is that it would be nice to give the test a more relevant name than testAutomaticallyMadeName. Something like testRelationAliasForBinCond. But I am not going to insist. "	1
[~sershe] sorry for late reply. I upload the patch to https://reviews.facebook.net/D13341. Could you help to review it ? thx.	-1
"Hi Lars  sorry about the delay in responding. Good point about the TreeMap always returning result in a deterministic ordering. The patch itself I think is still beneficial because it removes a little bit of redundancy in the existing equality code. IMO, the fix makes it easier to understand as well. In addition, the tests are beneficial since we were missing coverage there.  I think it'd be better if the fix were in sooner, but it's probably not an issue if we moved it to 0.94.7."	-1
"could you also remove "">>>>>>>>>>>>"" from line 1504 "	0
Damn...	-1
"+1 (damn intellij  it's not like patch format hasn't been standard for years)"	-1
The patch went to the wrong bug.	-1
Committed revision 644436.	0
"Seems we didn't enforce an exec for sh  but we did for fs."	-1
Added patch generated from CXF 2.2.6	0
That sounds like some serious buck passing.	-1
"fixed in trunk... thanks Henri!"	1
"Then you're pretty well screwed. "	-1
Thanks [~cnauroth] & [~tomwhite] for the reviews!	1
"The ASF is going to get the document signed this week  will keep you posted."	0
Sorry I missed this since it wasn't tagged iOS. Looking at it now.	-1
the recommendation in the wiki is bad.	-1
"Aleksey  is the problem you mentioned is caused by this patch? If yes I can fix it and submit new patch ASAP."	0
"+1  Thanks!"	1
"Sorry I didn't use your patch  but I think you'll like the end result."	-1
Thanks Andi.	1
"Thanks  Oliver!"	1
"applied in revision 411104 Paulex, please verify it resolves the issue"	0
Sorry for that.	-1
"They don't vote  they whine that something (or everything) sucks."	-1
"My apologies - I submitted the wrong patch file. I've checked the trunk and what you applied is correct so I won't re submit. Thanks for covering my sloppiness. "	1
Long Life MyFacesssssssssss!	1
+1  Looks good to me!	1
"great idea  those are lost to the ages but I'll try to reproduce."	1
description of the changes made in this patch	0
This was taken care of already.	0
This sucks *so much*...	-1
"Sorry to have not spotted this one  and thanks for your care."	-1
"And with a network that tolerates almost everything to get a mail somehow in the right place, it is only seldom noticed (or when it is, it is blamed on Microsoft."	-1
I committed a patch to trunk to make access to bundle state volatile. Please close this issue if you are satisfied.	0
"Sorry  on holiday last week and just catching up."	-1
Committed to trunk. Thanks Jeff!	1
Perhaps we should have a filesystem-specific method that indicates whether a path is fully-qualified?	0
"Hi Tiago   Thanks for looking at this issue.  On visual inspection of the change, your text change looks fine. However, I can't apply the patch. You need to svn diff from the top of the tree show it shows the path staring with java/engine/...  You should reopen the issue until it has been committed.  Also, just for good measure you should run suites.All and derbyall  in case there are any canon updates needed.  Thanks  Kathey "	1
"In this case  data would pretty much just silently be lost."	-1
Committed to 92 branch and trunk.  Thanks for review stack.	1
Awesome - great stuff Maria.  Thanks!	1
"@JMS & @stack Tks for your review and commtents, my reply as follows... bq.Have you tried it? Does it works for you? Yes, I've tested it in our env. and works well {quote} Is this required? {code} executor = null; {code} {quote} My intention was to set _executor_ explicitly if the call path is _main -> HbaseFsck -> initialPoolNumThreads -> run -> initialPoolNumThreads_, despite it should be no hurt if I remove this statement.  {quote} What JMS said (down to his +1). When you set exec = 0, it makes me wonder if it would ever be non-null and if so, should it be shutdown before you make a new one? But maybe this is an impossible state. {quote} Tks for stack's suggestion !! this way is more safer if any unexpected call happens. So I changed the code snippet into following style. How do you think about this ? {code} 288 if (executor != null) { 289      executor.shutdown(); 290      executor = null; 291 } {code}  bq.Can you do a trunk version to run hadoopqa? No problem, I can do it later"	0
" I think the comments here are a bad sign... I sent us down an unfortunate slippery slope  we are a search engine library!  don't put shit in the index directory! or we will delete your shit. dead simple."	-1
Committed. Thanks Jarek	1
Marking this as won't fix.	0
"Unfortunately I have no Sql Server to test against at the moment. But I wonder  does this work when using a table name like 'SomeTable' (note the upper case). If you could verify for me that such mixed case names work with your patch when not in delimited mode, then I'll apply it ASAP.  Tom"	-1
dupe of SLING-1529	0
"add 1 more reference overhead in the HRegion. Update the patch."	0
The fix causes test to fail in other circumstances.  Apparently File.delete() can't be relied upon to actually delete the file.	0
"Sorry  I missed Bill's comment.  bq. We've seen similar exceptions when loading data that contains text with the column delimiter in it, which produces shorter than expected tuples. Could that be the case here?  I don't think that's the case here.  However, I've made many silly mistakes&misunderstandings in pig before.  Let me double check."	-1
"Thanks  Sravya!"	1
I just committed this.  I changed it so that Mapper and Reducer extend a Closeable interface rather than both providing a close() method directly.	0
"> - FOUserAgent.getStream() is cool and very easy to use (now that it's properly > documented)."	1
Cool. sounds good to me.	1
"Thanks for volunteering for this  Prashanth!"	1
"Hi Dushshantha   Please find the attached file AXIS2C-1193-manual.patch."	0
Blooper after blooper - I hate SVN.	-1
"Thanks  I've committed your patch  leaving out the change to equals() and not removing mergeBooleanQueries() as that is a public method which someone might be using. Also, could you please check if the test case is correct now? I couldn't apply that part of your patch cleanly and something might have been broken. "	1
This looks simple and sweet to me.	1
"(In reply to comment #29) > (In reply to comment #28) > > Created an attachment (id=19576) [edit] [edit] > > main patch file > > > > I'v had problems again applying the patch: something went wrong with FontSetup, > looks like the patch wants to remove this file entirely, which I don't think > should be the case.  Hmm..  not sure quite why that happened.  > Also, why did you change the DEFAULT_STRICT_FO_VALIDATION constant into > DEFAULT_STRICT_VALIDATION? I think it would be clearer to leave it as is.  Have done."	0
I wholeheartedly agree this API is confusing as hell.	-1
"+1  I committed this. Thanks, Jothi!"	1
Thanks for the suggestion Raghu.  Let me try it.	1
"So  sorry I can't be more obliging."	-1
Not pretty.	-1
"It seems some of the wrappers in ink_hrtime.h() might no longer be used either  e.g. ink_gettimeofday() is never used  so lets get rid of that shit."	-1
"Sorry  I meant to have this patch in sooner but got quite busy  I expect to have it soon."	-1
This is Awesome Stefan - thanks a million!	1
"Thanks  applied OK."	1
"Here is a Test case to reproduce it. I launch it on a JDK1.6 and it deadlocks each 6 to 10 run."	0
Thanks Kihwal!	1
"One more comment  this should be in the incompatible section in CHANGES.txt."	0
"Unfortunately  in these days where everyone that can put a CD the right way up in a drive is a Linux/Unix/Windows/Internet Expert, this has become pretty common."	-1
"Good catch!  Thanks for the thorough explanation and suggestions.  I think it all makes sense.  Will work on a patch."	1
Committed revision 941607.	0
"If I can give you one advice on this one  I'd say this: fuck Derby  use H2 instead as the default embedded database."	-1
"Hi Jurgen  yes that's probably a good idea but not something that can be easily and/or quickly implemented. I'd like to change this JIRA to from a Bug to an Improvement so that it can be looked at in a future release. Thanks for the suggestion....."	1
"Attached the patch  which addresses the issue in EntryLogger."	0
"Sorry  Thiru  I hope you haven't already started working on this!"	-1
"bq. I'm not sure I understand  are you saying that B would violate this  or just that the status quo does?  I'm saying B would violate this, yes. B was ""bootstrap from the right token, but if that one isn't up, bootstrap from any other token preferring the closer ones"", right? I'm saying we can't just automatically choose another token if the user didn't specifically say it's ok."	0
"problem - the bit to sign the source-release is being called when the source-release isn't being built because the source-release is only built at the ""executionroot"".  "	-1
"> Have checked in this change which can be reviewed here: http://fisheye6.atlassian.com/changelog/click/?cs=766349  > Would appreciate any feedback. I just have the feeling this entire ControlRegistry is growing over our heads. Taking a look at many older applications with older Click releases, I can't stop thinking that Click was very good for years without it. I also received a few custom components for maintenance and I don't think this change (nor ControlRegistry) is of any needed in them (or maybe simply I'm not getting the entire concept).  Of course, I'm a newbie, but my impression is that most of the advantages you list are for ClickClick. Is it possible that the problem is with the ClickClick  approach(and that should be changed), not with Click?  Many parts of Click are simple to understand and nice, but this one is not. Making it even more complex, is just a guarantee that users like me will understand it even less.  From what I saw, one of the most important parts of Click is backward compatibility. For this however, Click should remain very simple, otherwise it will get big and bloated(and it can't afford ""published"" experiments). Tapestry on the other and can do this since with every new version they throw aboard the entire compatibility, so ""experiments"" if go wrong are not that a problem - and history shows that complex things always go wrong sooner or later (latest one: with T5.2 they'll trow maven away now :) )  My wish is when I look at the Click source code to be able to quickly understand what's up there - cause only so I have a good feeling when I use it  in applications (otherwise I have that ""black box feeling"" - and it's not fun ). I think like this, are most users - those who prefer complex thing have a very huge choice of concurrent frameworks :). "	1
+1 the patch looks good.	1
"Nice feature  lars!!"	1
The patch looks good to me. +1 pending Jenkins.	1
Sorry.	-1
"And boy  hell broke loose ;)  So... the biggest issue I'm facing is indeed with Random sharing across threads."	-1
"T5 requires Java 1.5+ "	0
There is no close() in FileContext.  Users are not supposed to close FileContext.	0
"Can't remember how to put the state of this issue to ""In progress""  not a big deal anyway..."	0
"Negative  I am against fetch groups in principle."	-1
Maybe only one of us should play lawyer and the other one play engineer.	-1
"Damn  I would close this out from the fix to JBSEAM-3742  except the quartz and seampay examples use a custom XML namespace and the XML schema validator is not happy with that."	-1
Hudson seems to be stuck on this.	-1
My bad.	-1
Committed to trunk with revision 429550.	0
"[~shreepadma] thank you for working on it.  Do you have plan when you submit a patch? I know it takes efforts to code and test in 4 different types of databases.  Would you please release mysql version first? Then file a jira to follow up Postgres/Oracle/Derby. Just a suggestion for fast release but up to you to decide.  thanks a lot again Tim"	1
"Hi Rustam  Finally I will not commit the IMAP-351 patch  so it will be good that you attach your patch here. Thx, Eric"	1
What the hell?!	-1
"Sorry if this spam's things  however it's unlikely that I'll work on these."	-1
Closing all resolved tickets from 2010 or older	0
Patch looks good.	1
attach a patch fix NPE in debug message.	0
I believe this issue is resolved by the patch in FLUME-648.	0
Thanks for you work on this Jayachandra.	1
"That's a good point; we should make sure that it doesn't decrease performance for one of the database types  even if it increases it for Oracle (in which case  making it configurable in oozie-site.xml would be a good idea too).  "	1
I've just committed this. Thanks Edwin!	1
"I didn't know about a Trinidad regex Validator. I've created it from scratch.  Didn't look for any Validator code on the internet, because I wanted to make sure it was JSF 2.0 compliant."	0
sorry.. redeploy patch	-1
"Applied  thanks."	1
Released in ClickIDE 2.2.0.0.	0
Incidentally if we all nag Joe Walnes enough we might be able to persuade him to release a new qdox which can ignore annotations etc (though it will still struggle with generics I think)	-1
Lets fix this post wss4j-1.5.3	0
"Applied to branch and TRUNK.  Thanks for the patch Ramkrishna."	1
Duplicate of HDFS-2321	0
"Hi Alan  I was merely commenting on the title of the JIRA  not the UDF name."	0
"Fixed at r504842  thanks!"	1
Are there any plans to also publish the new release to the Maven 1 repository on ibiblio.org? We at Jackrabbit still use Maven 1.0.2 as our build tool.	0
This name gets confusing with all of our prenamed *Worker* and *Master* classes.	-1
"I'm new to Spring Integration  so forgive me for the stupid things I might say."	-1
"Hi Pieter   it looks fine now ; thanks ; your mirror will be added to the list in an hour or so.  Groeten,  Henk Penning"	1
"I have committed the patch for trunk.  Thanks  Tanping!"	1
+1 for this: my bad.	-1
"Thanks for taking care of this  Alejandro."	1
"Committed to trunk. Thanks  Prasanth!"	1
Looks like this broke imports into Intellij	0
"Hi Alena   Hope all is well,  Sorry for delayed response, the 5 vms dont belong to any project. I could not find a way to retrieve all vms without looping the projects.  Thanks ilya"	1
"The eclipse ui was completly stuck  which was similiar to the other experinces."	-1
"bq. Here the patch for the groovy script.  cool, looks good, thanks!"	1
Sorry about that.	-1
Sorry for the hassle.	-1
"I'm not entering bogus reports for the hell of it ;)  Matt"	-1
"Great! Awesome!  thanks, Dims"	1
+1 The patch looks good.	1
"Committed  thanks Namit."	1
Thanks  Rishi Solanki  to review the patch.	1
"<pctony> This has been done.  It should work just fine  I'll be doing some more work on JIRA later  and will force a re-index then  so this might look better after that. Have a look around. "	0
Looking forward to your patch.	1
"Henry  you do need an instance of QCM to get the listener  but you don't need the listener because you're using LE.  I'm uploading a patch in which I have commented out some lines of the new test you wrote. This is how I think it should look like. If you agree, please remove those lines and submit a new patch.  Note that I have also changed the leader election parameter in the new instance of QuorumPeer in mockServer to 0."	0
change status from ASSIGNED to NEW for consistency	0
"Same attachement with ASF grant this time (forgot to check the first time  sorry)"	-1
"First sorry for the delay. It looks like this patch slipped through.  I tried to apply it, but there are a bunch of conflicts (some of them are related to recent docstring format changes and other seem to be related to other changes).  Can you please re-generate the patch against the latest trunk?  Thanks!"	1
"So  it is stuck somewhere."	-1
"Vishal Kher to Benjamin  Camille  9:38 AM (54 minutes ago)  Hi Ben,  I was going to open a jira after checking with you guys.  With your solution won't we run in into the problem that Camille pointed out by marking the snapshot for lastZxid - 1? - Peer fails after taking the snapshot. The snapshot has applied lastZxid, which created a child znode. During recovery it will apply lastZxid, which will faill with NodeExists and we will increment the Cversion of the parent (after fix for ZOOKEEPER-1046). So creation of sequential znodes won't be be really sequential. This is probably acceptable, but should be clearly documented. If not, then from this bug, it looks to me that patch ZOOKEEPER-1046 was also not complete. We may need to conditionally update cversion.  I think we need a clear document of how snapshots are supposed to work and what to assume while taking snapshots and while recovering from snapshots. It will be very helpful for to verify the correctness of implementation and for future bug fixes.I will open a jira for this bug shortly and post our discussion as well.  Thanks.  -Vishal  "	1
"Guillaume  Thanks for your commit. It fix this problem and my example works fine now with this fix. "	1
"Thanks Richard   Patch was applied to LUNI module at repo revision 397522.  Please check that the patch was applied as you expected. (I've got strange commit notification with message: [... 31 lines stripped ...] ) "	1
fix the launch console message	0
"Committed to branch. Thanks  Remus!"	1
"Sorry  yes I believe this has been resolved."	-1
This is awesome!	1
"Closing this record  since 4.1.0 is now released."	0
Thanks John for bringing this up and also for providing the patch.	1
"It could have been created as a patch and that is far as its gotten.  Assuming that we're talking we're just talking about creating a simple .snk to create strongly named assemblies when talking about signing assembly:  I didn't see a .snk file in the Lucene.Net_2_9_4g branch when setting up the build scripts. I haven't looked in trunk yet.  The Lucene.Net_4e branch should have a already have a snk. I could add the same snk file to trunk and the 2.9.4 branch when I go add the build scripts to the trunk this weekend, so that all the branches are building strong assemblies.  Someone would still need to go back to the tag and create a 2.9.2 version using the snk whenever the next release does come out. "	0
"If this is deemed to be a valid bug  you can use my upcoming patch which simply doesn't pass the calls to getLoginTimeout and setLoginTimeout through to the BasicDataSource.  I guess it could be a good thing to let the BasicDataSource throw the UnsupportedOperationException notifying the programmer that their call to the method really isn't doing anything.  OTOH, they probably care more about successfully migrating their 1.0.2 app to 1.1 and this is just getting in the way. If they really want to know why their call to setLoginTimeout isn't working they can check the included javadoc.  So, if you decide it's a bug then there's a patch coming..."	0
I am an idiot - this was a dupe of GUVNOR-84	-1
"I did NOT want to add a ""framework""  but rather *exactly* the opposite. "	0
"I see you rebased the patch  thanks a lot."	1
+1 patch looks good.  Thanks a lot!	1
Updating 'Fix For'  to Unknown on issues not targeted for 0.8	0
"A feature with wrong functionality is as bad as  if not worse than  a bad performance."	-1
"Sorry  I tought I could commit this patch but I did not realize that one of the files is in the framework (and I have not access to it). "	-1
"Yes  that's right."	0
Patch commited	0
"Hi Roman   Which version of Servicemix are you using ? There is an camel feature (which includes camel-core, camel-spring and camel-osgi) in the org.apache.felix.karaf.features.cfg, you need to replace it with camel-core and camel-spring-osgi. Please make sure there is no camel-spring, camel-spring-osgi, camel-osgi installed at the same time.  "	0
"It's working! Thanks."	1
Sorry for the spam - but which test method - can't find any related to the SnapPuller on trunk.	-1
"I just committed this to trunk  thanks Owen"	1
How bad is it?	-1
"{quote} Adriano: Can you summarize all your changes in both issues into a changes.txt entry for both branches? {quote}  Hi Uwe, yes, I can do it, I will need to review the entire code again (3x and trunk). I plan to do this during the weekend. But if you want, commit Vinicius's code and I commit the changes to changes.txt later ;)"	0
Thanks for the help BJ!	1
I must have clicked the wrong link.  I didn't mean to mark this resolved.	0
"Thanks  it works fine!"	1
"An updated documentation of the Processor is now at http://wiki.apache.org/solr/LanguageDetection  @Lance: What params were on your mind as candidates for keyword instead of true/false, and for what potential future reasons?"	0
Damn...	-1
Dupe of JUDDI-310.	0
I just committed this. Thanks pat.	1
Awesome speedup! Finally all this work shows great results!!	1
I just committed this. Thanks pat!	1
Attaching the latest version of the patch from review. Incorporates a trivial javadoc fix as suggested.	0
"Sorry  should have commented on this much sooner."	-1
"The patch looks good  and so do the tests.  Thanks.  My only question is why were the following lines added to setup? {code} conf.set(YarnConfiguration.NM_LOCAL_DIRS, ""file:///bin/echo""); conf.set(YarnConfiguration.NM_LOG_DIRS, ""file:///dev/null""); {code} The test seems to pass just fine without them, and I did not understand their need."	1
"Well  if it is just a documentation bug  even better. Thanks for the clarification."	1
If I get a chance I may even roll it into our dev environment but I am currently in the middle of mem leak hell.	-1
Missed 2 new files - sorry !	-1
"Running tests on this. Will commit once it is done. Sorry  this one fell off my radar..."	-1
"There is no mxmlc.exe in the 4.10 release only mxml (for OSX and Linux) and mxml.bat (for windows). How did you install 4.10? "	0
Patch attached.	0
Sorry about that.	-1
"Marcelo  thanks for pointing out this; it is now fixed in rev."	1
"Committed to trunk. Thanks  Sushanth!"	1
"It is not yet tested - I ran into strange build problems with APR. "	-1
"i don't think that any special filtering should be performed for the access control content such as e.g. rep:policy nodes. but as far as i can see  you didn't incorporate this into the patch  right?  testing for Tree#exists in the NodeDelegate looks ok to me..."	0
"Jaigak - Its nice to see another application on top of Yarn. Since its a lot of new code, could you please add some notes on the high level components and suggest some pointers on navigating the code. It will help review the changes. Thanks!"	1
Damn dyslexia!	-1
Committed as r1406707. Thanks for reviewing Sijie.	1
Our caller may not notice what happend right now.	-1
Thanks for looking into this Allan.	1
Damn.	-1
+1 with the read-ahead removal.	0
"Created an attachment (id=8670) javadoc patch to org.apache.xalan.lib and org.apache.xalan.lib.sql "	0
Corrects problems with continuous replication timeouts introduced by r916518 and r916868.	0
What a stupid name I chose for that object... )-:	-1
"Sorry  db name is TPCDB  user name TPC  pwd whatever..."	-1
Hi Aidan can you take care of this when you do QPID-1010. Thanks	1
"Committed to branch  thanks Eli"	1
"committed to trunk. thanks Ning. "	1
"Thanks Bilgin   it is working fine now."	1
That fixes my testcase.  Thank you!	1
This change was only applied to the 0.5.x-dev branch. It needs to be merged to trunk.	0
"bq. CASSANDRA-2444 got in the way  I'm not sure what the right solution is here.  I buy the premise of 2444 that you don't necessarily want to get hammered by compaction when you're first starting up (warming up caches).  So I don't think ""check for compactions ever N seconds"" is a great policy.  But, I'm not sure ""check every N seconds, starting M minutes after startup"" is great either because it's not something a user will just guess when he's wondering ""why aren't compactions happening yet?""  Any other ideas?"	0
model objects were not serializable	0
"+1  thanks Tom!"	1
"Added the following to getRollbackOnly():  if (status == Status.STATUS_NO_TRANSACTION) { throw new IllegalStateException(""There is no transaction in progess.""); } "	0
"Thanks  Dhruba!"	1
Pull it back in if you think different.	-1
Committed revision 771270.	0
"kevinwilfong updated the revision ""HIVE-2797 [jira] Make the IP address of a Thrift client available to HMSHandler."". Reviewers: JIRA, njain, ashutoshc  Ran updated my checkout.  REVISION DETAIL https://reviews.facebook.net/D1701  AFFECTED FILES shims/src/common/java/org/apache/hadoop/hive/thrift/TUGIContainingTransport.java metastore/src/test/org/apache/hadoop/hive/metastore/TestRemoteUGIHiveMetaStoreIpAddress.java metastore/src/test/org/apache/hadoop/hive/metastore/IpAddressListener.java metastore/src/test/org/apache/hadoop/hive/metastore/TestRemoteHiveMetaStoreIpAddress.java metastore/src/java/org/apache/hadoop/hive/metastore/TUGIBasedProcessor.java metastore/src/java/org/apache/hadoop/hive/metastore/TSetIpAddressProcessor.java metastore/src/java/org/apache/hadoop/hive/metastore/HiveMetaStore.java "	0
The fix is attached.	0
"Looks like patch failed QA due to lack of tests. Are there existing tests for the shell? At a glance  I couldn't find any."	0
Great - thanks for the heads up Ben!	1
"It still need a lot of work  but there's an initial version checked into the sandbox now.  * http://svn.apache.org/viewvc/struts/sandbox/trunk/jpa-mailreader/  See STATUS.txt for design notes and such.  "	0
Here is quite bad.	-1
"Jacopo   Thank you for your work! I'll test it today and let you know what I find."	1
"I committed this. Thanks  Nicholas"	1
"Thank you very much  Richard."	1
I missed the context.	-1
"Sorry Jacques  I have not seen that it was a grouped bugs. In this case I have used to set in the grouped bugs the sum of the components used by detailed issues. I didn't like unknow components. Otherwise we can add a new fictitious component - GROUPED ISSUES - and assign this component to this type of issue.  Thanks Marco "	1
"Thanks Tucu! You are right. I had not thought of that.  I'm on the fence because we are serializing a process which should happen fast (so parallelizing is good). Like you already mentioned bq. 1* Add a method in the FileSystem to disable its shutdown hook. MRAppMaster would disable it and call closeAll() explicitly (it already does). This is already present (by setting conf.setBoolean(""fs.automatic.close"", false) ) So I'm not sure what problem this JIRA is fixing. Or are we planning for the future? I'm fine with the latter answer being yes. I'm just curious.  The patch looks good for what it intends to do, although the latest one doesn't include the fixes you made in response to Nicholas' comments."	1
"I also rename the references in droids-spring.  Commited revisions: r985451 r985452"	0
"It may suck  but at least *I* won't be the one bringing in a dumb dependency to a logging library."	-1
Committed revision 1343996.	0
"Sorry  that should have said fixed via HADOOP-4980  not 6980."	-1
My bad.	-1
that's bad Content-Type from gSOAP.	-1
+1 patch looks good.	1
"Ugh  well that sucks."	-1
"Looks good  patch applied -- Thanks Naoki!"	1
"{quote} because they are non-javadoc Eclipse-related only, and not everybody uses Eclipse. {quote}  ouch... sorry about that. You will not see that again."	-1
Sorry everyone.	-1
The fknames patch looks good!	1
Sorry.	-1
Thanks Jukka for fixing this :) (sorry)	-1
Sorry.	-1
Committed to trunk. Thanks Tim!	1
"My apologies for the confusion."	-1
"Fix applied  thanks."	1
Committed to 0.94 (operability) and to trunk.  Thanks for the patch Jie.	1
"JB  do you expect problems when we upgrade Camel 2.10.0 to Spring 3.1.0 (and deploy it into Karaf 2.2.x)? Because Camel leverage on the Karaf Spring feature, it will use Spring 3.0.x when running inside Karaf 3.0x and Spring 3.1.x when running in Karaf 3.0.x.  IMO, when we can upgrade to Spring 3.1.0 without any modification, it should not a problem..."	0
"I created a regression test for HARMONY-1654 and attached it to HARMONY-3522. "	0
Thanks Ilya.	1
"Thanks for the patch  applied to 1.x and 1.5.1"	1
"I just committed this.  Thanks  Milind!"	1
"Thanks for the patch  applied for 2.0.1/2.1"	1
"Hi  I've started working on this. I think I have an idea of what to do design-wise  but if anyone has any suggestions please let me know. "	0
I think we all know it just sucks.	-1
This was my bad.	-1
"Thanks Ram   That seems like a definite improvement."	1
I mean keep purging that cache asset.	0
"Thanks for the patch Daryn   +1  I put it into trunk, branch-2, and branch-0.23"	1
"bq. I just committed this to trunk and branch-0.23. Thanks Derek! Also branch-2."	1
"Committed @revision 1440266 in trunk Thanks Lufeng, if and when you get around to the patch for 2.x I can review. The patches for tests are very welcome in Nutch. Thank you. "	1
"Committed to 1.3.3 at revision: 705591 "	0
bq. this is solr's fault by having a getter that does some heavy duty xml shit.	-1
Closing all resolved tickets from 2010 or older	0
"Thanks Bruno and Bilgin   You patches are in trunk revision: 691953  Great to see good cooperation at work :) "	1
"Keith - This is done. Thanks"	1
"My bad  forgot to include the test file in the patch... Resubmitting in a second. "	-1
I believe in relativity :-)	1
"Stepan   Sorry, I didn't see you comment until I'd committed the change - Sian tested it for me.  I've no idea what the msvcr71.dll issue is - but I don't think that is anything to do with my changes.  The fetch-depends/checksum issue for icu-3.4.zip should be fixed with my patch. "	-1
"Patch looks good. +1"	1
"Works for me. Thank you Paulex."	1
"Got it  thanks for the explanation."	1
Duplicate of HADOOP-3906. Plz comment there.	0
"missed encoding for non-array request parameters.  It doesn't look like I can remove previously attached files.  Whoever is reviewing the code  should use the latest patch."	0
"Setting to midnight UTC after parsing sounds fine to me.  yyyy-mm-dd looks good too."	1
Looks good.	1
"Igor  sorry it took me so long to get back to this."	-1
"Hi Andreas   Sorry for my late reply.  I haven't looked in to the difference between using the ResponseBuilder#getFilters and using filter's in a normal query. Are there any functional differences between the two ways other than that one of them utilizes Solr's filterCache and the other doesn't?"	-1
What is interesting here is that the OOM error already occurs while processing the SOAP part of the message and not while accessing the attachment part (as one would expect). What is the stack trace that you get with Axis2 1.6.1 and Axiom 1.2.12?	0
"Yes please - pull request away  my friend!"	1
planning to fix this.. I am planning to remember completed containers (only id) at node manager for predefined time (10min). Does that time sounds reasonable or we should make it configurable? ... I don't really think adding a new configuration parameter will be a good idea but I am open for any different approach / adding conf .. thoughts? This will have a similar implementation like YARN-62 but only difference is that YARN-62 only tracks container for a time after it starts to avoid duplicate launch..where as this tries to avoid logging errors for valid stop attempts...	0
Would you post saxon error message?	0
+1  looks good	1
Sweet :) You got there before me	1
"Thanks for review and test case  Knut."	1
Didn't make 1.1	0
"@Ted Thanks for taking a look. Sure  I will make that change on commit. "	1
"Strange things going on. With Google Chrome  uploading patch files corrupts the file. With MSIE it worked. Sorry for the noise. Yesterday it worked normally..."	-1
Attached another refresh	0
"Oopps  bad move !"	-1
Thanks Otis.	1
Attached patch	0
Sorry for the confusion :)	-1
Thanks!	1
Thanks for the patch Janko. I put the changes into 1.3.x and 2.0.0.	1
"The issue arises due to the call to <ant> in the ""docs"" target of plugins/build.xml  It uses the system $ANT_HOME/lib/* if it can find it.  So the solution might be to add a note to howto/howto-buildPlugin.html#ant to describe the abovementioned workarounds.  Is there a better way to call forrest targets from within project ant build files. See FOR-145 ""Make Forrest able to be imported by Ant""  "	0
"Please apply this patch file. Cheers, Kaushalye"	1
"I am perfectly fine with that.  It seems like more overhead  but I am fine either way."	0
"Thanks for the new patch  Kim. +1"	1
"It sucks to lose the code readability  but it seems like a reasonable price to pay."	-1
"I just committed this. Thanks for the reviews  Doug.  (BTW the last patch didn't include the removal of lang/java/mapred/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/SequenceFileBase.java, so I did that manually when I committed.)"	1
"Thanks for getting started on this. I have a couple of requests -  1. Could you please upload a patch to this JIRA and grant it to Apache ? 2. This patch doesn't apply cleanly to trunk, would you mind updating a patch that would ?  It will make it much easier for us to review it.  Also, when you said the zk connect option hangs, did you get a chance to take a look at the debug/trace logs to see where it hangs ? Do you mind uploading those log files here ?"	0
"Good catch  sorry about that. I had run the tests but I guess I didn't re-run on the very latest rev against latest trunk. New patch fixes the NPEs."	-1
Could you please share how is it impacting ?	0
"Committed to branch and trunk  thanks Gab!"	1
"Ported to branches/2.1 in rev 630315  along with GERONIMO-3840"	0
"I just committed this. Thanks  Jitendra!"	1
"Could you see my 2nd patch? :)  Thank you."	1
"Sorry Avdhesh  I forgot to add these two files to the patch  here is the new patch containing the missing files"	-1
"I'll do it now  thanks! "	1
Bad IE.	-1
Imo all this just doesn't make sense from a pure performance aspect.	-1
"I'll add in the jar then.  Tim, that dslkit is GPL so I can't check it in (Looks good though... )"	0
Duplicate of XERCESC-1810	0
"It also happens at the very startup after he has loaded only 3 sstables (hence DataTracker likely have 3 sstables  not a shit load)."	-1
Applied branch.  Resolving.  Thanks for the patch Gary.	1
Any word on whether it will be fixed?	-1
"It took me a while to figure out where the problem is coming from  sorry.  So  your way is not a bad way of doing it  though  let me suggest an alternative...  In AbstractFileObject, match the constructor's ""fs.fileObjectHanded(this);"" by putting a ""fs.fileObjectDestroyed(this)"" in  ""abstract's doDetach().""  This way, the count will be corrected.  Currently, it's appears to be wrong in many implementations.  In the overriding implementation of detach(), do a check of (if fs.isReleasable(), fs.close()).  Patches included."	0
"Patch looks good to me also.  bq. -1 core tests. TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath failed with NoClassDefFoundError. I ran the same test on my machine with the patch. It ran successfully."	1
"Patch to allow removing the token  and throw UE instead of an internal error when trying to insert and the number of endpoints is less than the RF."	0
"Nice!  Thanks for adding nice debug logging  too :-) "	1
"Phil   I must have missed this email. I am sorry. I will get this done, and the other changes to support the UpdatingMultipleLinearRegression class.  I updated my source and noticed the changes were missing. I did my detective work and noticed this.  Mea Culpa!!  -Greg   "	-1
Sorry I missed some of this the first time.	-1
"+  looks good. Checking this in."	1
From what i can see on the system the libpthread is in /usr/lib and in /usr/lib64 and both of those paths are in my library config.	0
Sorry I thought submit patch was the way to attach a patch.	-1
My bad.	-1
Thanks Sandy. Committed to trunk and branch-2.	1
"Andrew  patch applied at revision r428265  thanks a lot for this enhancement  please verify that the problem is fully fixed as you expected. "	1
"+1 Thanks Harsh  the patch looks good.  > Also, might it be reasonable to mark just isInSafeMode @InterfaceStability.Stable?  Since this is a new API, we are not sure if want to change it.  Let's leave it as-is for the moment."	1
Thanks Dianne!	1
"Hi Benjamin. Did you actually take a look at the attached MANIFEST.MF? Are the import and export statements in there correct? What is in the XML above is just the maven-bundle-plugin/BND instructions to create the exact list by introspection :) If you think it would be better to explicitly list everything when creating the manifest, please state what you would like to see in there."	1
"Created an attachment (id=16986) Proposed addition to Javadocs. "	0
"sorry  unassigning myself from this backport."	-1
Doh!	-1
"commit 8193b5fddbff65e9e747f08ad36bc0ad41015ab0 Author: Bikas Saha <bikas@apache.org> Date:   Mon May 13 17:35:57 2013 -0700  TEZ-123. Cleanup package dependencies. (bikas) "	0
"Hi Holly  Thanks!  I have the one comment -  where is the code for InternalRecursiveBundleTracker?  I don't see it in the patch  Did I miss the source code for it?  Lin"	1
"I have this issue  where my server and client is creating a lot of loopback threads  that I believe must be related to this issue."	-1
I did it wrong this time.	-1
Sorry for the delay.	-1
"Great last enhancements  thanks guys!"	1
"We have fixed this in the twitter fork. You can review the fix at  https://github.com/twitter/bookkeeper/commit/a48472911b176d75905399e7c32bb782f3564b83  If you are fine with the change, I will submit this as a patch."	0
The TestFileConcurrentReader failure seems to be happening on a lot of builds. It's caused by the process running out of file handles. Maybe ulimit needs to be changed on the hudson server.	0
"Cool feature!  Performance: - It looks like scripts are read from the resource loader and parsed again (eval) for every update request."	1
Committed. Thanks Kevin!	1
"Patch committed to trunk Thanks Hari!"	1
Committed to trunk and 4x. Thanks Simon!	1
"Thanks for the update Tom  this is getting close!  Some more comments:  {quote} > src/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/TaskType.java > -> Public? Stable? It is public. Not sure about whether it is stable yet. {quote} I'd tend to lean towards making it Stable to ensure it's never broken, it probably deserves that status given how central it is to the framework. Thoughts? I don't see either 'audience' for this yet it the patch, maybe you missed it?  bq. Are MarkableIterator and MarkableIteratorInterface public user classes? The unit test for them (TestValueIterReset) implies that the user instantiates a MarkableIterator. +1, public  bq. I left all of the lib.db classes public evolving since they are used by various extensions and users. Does this sound reasonable? +1  {quote} > src/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/Job.java > -> public  Yes.  > src/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/JobCounter.java > -> public  Yes.  > src/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/JobPriority.java > -> public  Yes. {quote}  Again, I don't see 'audience' as 'public', another human miss on your part? Or am I seeing the wrong patch?  ----  Comments on rest of the classes I missed in the first pass:  src/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/security/token/package-info.java -> Unstable src/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/security/token/delegation/package-info.java -> Unstable src/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/TaskTrackerInfo.java -> Public, used in Cluster src/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/util/package-info.java -> Unstable src/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/TaskCompletionEvent.java -> Public, Job.getTaskCompletionEvent src/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/JobInProgress.java -> limited-private, for schedulers src/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/Task.java -> limited-private, for schedulers src/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/JobEndNotifier.java -> public, maybe evolving since end-users use this directly src/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/LineRecordReader.java -> limited-private (mr, pig) src/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/JobProfile.java -> Odd, I thought this was 'public' - but I can't find any uses for it. The FairScheduler uses it, so 'limited-private' ? src/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TaskCompletionEvent.java -> public, accessible via JobClient "	0
"Release note looks good. "	1
"when we have @RequestWrapper/@ResponseWrapper annotion  the generated WSDL contains duplicate schemas.  See test: JaxwsServiceBuilderTest.testDocLit()"	0
"Are there any plans to release a 2.4.1? If yes  can this fix be included?"	0
"sorry  should have been getDataModel not getDataTable."	-1
"Patch applied.  Thanks! "	1
addressed the Cos and Balaji comments. Latest patch for yahoo security branch.	0
"The diffs look good to me  but it sounds like this only solves part of hte problems  so we should probably file another bug to get the mgmt GUI 100% functional (for 2.1 maybe?)."	1
"Hi Daniel  thanks in advance for your support."	1
I'll just put fix in under this issue.	-1
"DWR validation is working fine for me with FF 1.5  but the submit action for lesson1 is still not working. IE 5.5/6.0 still throws some really disturbing error messages which I could not yet resolve. "	0
Fixed in SCA Java 1.2 rc4.	0
"Tim  The fix is good. Please close this JIRA. Thanks a lot."	1
It's not too bad once CacheConfig is in.	-1
Thanks Doug for the change.	1
"Sorry  I was wrong about needing to fix Gump - that just needs the build.xml patch to remove the copy of the files in lib."	-1
"Hi everyone   What's the status of this issue? Have you found and workarounds?"	0
Committed the 2a patch with revision 1187204.	0
Not commited in cvs.	0
"Awesome  works for me. LG committing. Thanks!"	1
"Committed to trunk. Thanks for review  Stack and Ryan."	1
"Cool  looks good."	1
This is bad.	-1
"ah  right -- skipping the clear would be buggy.  +1 again. :)"	1
"I'm happy to use it as the standard logo (i.e. website  etc.)."	1
"Ruth  patch applied at r526665  thanks a lot for this enhancement  please verify  thanks."	1
"I can't reproduce this error.  I also can't properly navigate in your example since the UI doesn't properly work on a Nexus 4.  Tried on the Nexus 10  but your splash screen took too long."	0
Damn !	-1
Applied patch into trunk and cxf-2.2.x branch  with thanks to William.	1
thanks	1
"well  if the user uploaded a file in the first FileUploadField  then it should be handled by the first nested Form  and if he uploaded a file in the second then it should be handled by the second  and if both ... then both !  If only outer Form process all the submit then I understand that it can be difficult to implement what I expect, are nested Form informed of the submition or not ? In fact FileUploadException is raised only for size limit exceeded, can't we handle this thru an IFormValidator instead of a hardcoded check ?"	0
+1 patch looks good.	1
"And I think if we're going to do a sweep up of shit  we should just kill root."	-1
I'm an idiot.	-1
"committed revision r580334  regression test added."	0
Regex is your friend.	1
A Quickstart for the bug as Eclipse/Maven Project. Sorry for the delay.	-1
"If you ment this  <s:div id=""t4"" showLoadingText=""false""> <s:form id=""form"" action=""AjaxTest""> <input type=textbox name=""data""> <s:submit type=""button"" theme=""ajax"" label=""Update Content"" targets=""t4"" id=""ajaxbtn""/> </s:form> </s:div>  it still doesn't post the form values in IE but works fine in FF  Thanks a lot for your quick response. I really really appreciate  -ravi      -- Ravi Mangalagiri www.bluepitch.org (My personal website. Coming soon!) 703-505-4240 (c) "	1
This might be a bug indeed.	-1
"I opened [HADOOP-3607] to fix a wrong URL  but appart from that I don't there's still references to the old structure."	-1
"yes - this is HDFS-4866 releated. I've added reference."	0
Thanks Ivan for take a look. I'll go through and work on this weekend.	1
"Thanks Ivan. I'll do the changes by just return if it matches as you suggested. I'll investigate it later.  bq.Auditor will be a top level daemon, so it should own its create it's own LedgerManagers and ZooKeeper client. The only thing passed in to is should be the configuration.  Anyway we are planning to have initialization class which does starting Auditor and RW threads. Would you agree to create ledgerManagers there and pass it to the Auditor and RW daemons?  In that case, shall I keep the ctor as it is. (by taking managers)  {code} public Auditor(String bookieIdentifier, AbstractConfiguration conf, ZooKeeper zkc, LedgerManager ledgerManager, LedgerUnderreplicationManager ledgerUnderreplicationManager) { {code} "	1
"Yeah  can't cache KV.  Can we have something for one server first?"	0
"Hi James   This patch has been applied by chirino in the revision 576522  at Sep 17."	1
My bad.	-1
Committed. Thanks Yongqiang	1
"[~bikassaha] Thanks for the heads-up Bikas! This JIRA is not concerned with the Tez integration for Pig and is simply the abstraction in Pig to allow for alternate ExecutionEngines in Pig. But will certainly change this on the Tez integration side of stuff.  Thanks a lot [~cheolsoo] for continuing this! I think everything looks good from my end. I can certainly see why we may want to keep this on a different branch until everything is finalized. Certain things may still need more work. For example, OutputStats is not completed abstracted out, as it still has references to POStore which is a MR implementation construct. ScriptState/PPNL/JobStats may still need more abstraction (especially PPNL) and reworking to incorporate a new ExecutionEngine abstraction. I think what we have done here is the minimum foundation for an abstraction though, and it would be appropriate to put into trunk, but these are not my decisions to make.  With regard to public methods that were changed, I don't think most of them are a big deal, besides as Cheolsoo said, the PigServer throwing PigException. I never thought IOException was a good exception to throw, but I think reverting PigServer back to IOException as it is userfacing code is not a big deal. The rest of the method signature changes shouldn't be worrisome because most of them are internal to the project.  However, the change from JobStats to MRJobStats, while necessary (as each ExecutionEngine would have it's own type of JobStats it would present to the end user), could be problematic because it is userfacing code and would probably break people who were previously using JobStats. That I think is the most important thing to keep in mind. The task of making the PPNL and JobStats clearly tied to the ExecutionEngine should be thought through also."	1
submit patch	0
"Not sure if the patch was pushed for review or not. In any case  fixing the build is pretty trivial  the changes made to ModificationStatement should just be reverted (and we should just pass the CL in argument to executeWithCondition() to SP.cas()).  Other than that: * I believe we now refuse CL.SERIAL for the cas() method (because CL.blockfor() throw an UnsupportedOperationException for SERIAL). Maybe we can make SERIAL mean ""wait for nothing on commit, not even a local one"" (which probably amount to making CL.blockfor() return 0 for SERIAL and adding a 'if' in WriteResponseHandler ctor to signal right away if blockfor is 0). * I don't think CL.ANY will really work as for normal writes since we don't generate hints for commit. Maybe we could (generate hints) ultimately btw, but in the meantime, it might make more sense to refuse it (and thus make the default for CAS be either SERIAL if we do the preceding point or ONE). * We don't call CL.validateForWrite() when calling CAS (and we shouldn't as it complains with SERIAL), but maybe we should add a validateForConditionalWrite that would at least check we have the right replication strategy when using the multi-DC specific CLs."	0
"I think you should get rid of the open-ended version spec [1.2 ) as it occasionally screws things up by bringing in snapshots or non-working code. Otherwise  to my eyes  it looks good."	1
Thank you Babak!	1
Duplicate of CASSANDRA-4587	0
This is not what I build a framework for.	-1
"Some tests I did with a modified PE. I ran the PE with a number from 10 to 3000 and incremented by 10. The garbage collector was called after each run. Here are the results:  {quote} 08/09/17 16:48:54 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 10 42725 08/09/17 16:49:31 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 20 36744 08/09/17 16:50:06 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 30 34928 08/09/17 16:50:40 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 40 34150 08/09/17 16:51:14 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 50 33664 08/09/17 16:51:47 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 60 33570 08/09/17 16:52:21 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 70 33142 08/09/17 16:52:54 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 80 32901 08/09/17 16:53:26 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 90 32864 08/09/17 16:53:59 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 100 32776 08/09/17 16:54:32 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 110 32725 08/09/17 16:55:05 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 120 32747 08/09/17 16:55:38 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 130 32698 08/09/17 16:56:10 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 140 32693 08/09/17 16:56:43 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 150 32643 08/09/17 16:57:16 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 160 32686 08/09/17 16:57:48 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 170 32665 08/09/17 16:58:21 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 180 32448 08/09/17 16:58:53 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 190 32004 08/09/17 16:59:25 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 200 31985 08/09/17 16:59:57 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 210 31964 08/09/17 17:00:29 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 220 31983 08/09/17 17:01:01 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 230 31778 08/09/17 17:01:32 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 240 31766 08/09/17 17:02:04 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 250 31886 08/09/17 17:02:36 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 260 31773 08/09/17 17:03:08 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 270 31709 08/09/17 17:03:40 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 280 31669 08/09/17 17:04:11 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 290 31647 08/09/17 17:04:43 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 300 31634 08/09/17 17:05:15 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 310 31674 08/09/17 17:05:47 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 320 31935 08/09/17 17:06:18 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 330 31802 08/09/17 17:06:50 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 340 31571 08/09/17 17:07:21 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 350 31484 08/09/17 17:07:53 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 360 31713 08/09/17 17:08:25 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 370 31512 08/09/17 17:08:56 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 380 31456 08/09/17 17:09:28 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 390 32055 08/09/17 17:10:01 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 400 32260 08/09/17 17:10:33 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 410 32167 08/09/17 17:11:05 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 420 31962 08/09/17 17:11:37 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 430 32003 08/09/17 17:12:09 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 440 32054 08/09/17 17:12:41 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 450 32105 08/09/17 17:13:13 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 460 32126 08/09/17 17:13:45 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 470 31961 08/09/17 17:14:17 INFO hbase.ManyPerformanceEvaluation: 480 31968 ... {quote}  It seems that 2000 was an overkill. The gain is impressive between 1 and 10 then around 300 we pretty much reduced the RPC call at it's smallest value."	0
Any thought of porting this patch to 10.1? I just ran derbyall on the 10.1 branch and this came up.	0
"- Mind chiming in on the rationale of the setQuota vs setSpaceQuota naming (ie the former for namespace)? - Agree w Nicholas that we should move setQuota from DFS to this admin class, let's do that in a follow on change  There's an extra ""/**"" in the setQuota  javadoc. Otherwise, +1 looks good "	0
"Patch v6 integrated to trunk.  Thanks for the patch, Jean-Marc.  Thanks for the review, Matteo.  @Lars: Do you want this in 0.94 as well ?"	1
"The proposed solution I outlined above  on github: http://github.com/assaf/buildr/tree/BUILDR-4  But I can't find a way to use this in combination with ArtifactNamespace, so it will have to be one or the other."	0
"I've just committed this to the HDFS-347 branch.  Thanks a lot for the contribution, Colin."	1
*sorry*	-1
"You should do conn.getObject(entry  null). In the AtomPub case it's actually going to be optimized if the entry is already an APPObjectEntry and no futher remote repository access will be done. "	0
"Sounds perfect  thank you."	1
"Aaron  sorry about this."	-1
"Antonio  could you just create a patch file that I can apply."	0
"Thanks for reminding me; I agree  I'll do it.  "	1
Apparently this is not completely solved.	0
Sorry for the mistake.	-1
"The patch looks pretty good to me. One question for you  though: does loosening this check for the QJM case not unnecessarily weaken the check in the non-QJM case?"	1
Thanks Dawid!	1
"Hi Bilgin   you are right the entitymode.xml can be removed but I when I add it I'm thinking to add a new filed to PosTerminalInternTx  entity to store ""Pos Paid Reason"" instead of store it in the reasonComment field. I have already created some enumeration into DemoPosData.xml but it is still not been used. There are still a lot of things that has been not implemented or not working so contribution from other people are welcome. Removing the hardcoded value pos-1 into WebPosEvents.java at line 77 is something still to be done. I'm thinking to add a combo box after logged in to choose the posTerminalId but I didn't get the time to do it.  Thanks Marco"	1
fuck u	-1
"Nice  I did not think about using the system tables."	1
Replaced patch with fix to catch more bad variables	-1
The patches on XERCESJ-1365 supersede the ones attached here.	0
"Thanks  Joseph!"	1
"Hi Ivan   Thanks a lot for the patch. Few comments.  1)  Patch does not apply cleanly. many Hunk failure while applying patch.  {noformat} Hunk #13 FAILED at 264. Hunk #14 FAILED at 281. Hunk #15 FAILED at 293. Hunk #16 FAILED at 309. Hunk #17 FAILED at 332. Hunk #18 FAILED at 345. Hunk #19 FAILED at 362. Hunk #20 FAILED at 372. Hunk #21 FAILED at 395. {noformat}  Could you please regenerate on the correct trunk code base?  2) TestBookKeeperHACheckpoints.java:  {code} conf.set(DFSConfigKeys.DFS_NAMENODE_SHARED_EDITS_DIR_KEY, +             BKJMUtil.createJournalURI(""/checkpointing"" + journalCount++) +             .toString()); +    BKJMUtil.addJournalManagerDefinition(conf); {code}  I can see setUpCluster code almost duplicates with TestStandbyCheckpoints. How about extracting configuration setup alone to protected method in TestStandbyCheckpoints and override in TestBookKeeperHACheckpoints. Set the above configurations and give the call to super.  3) {code} + +  @AfterClass +  public static void shutdownBK() throws Exception { +    bkutil.teardown(); +  } {code} Could you please add null condition for bkutil? also correct the bkutil->bkUtil  Not completed nmy review, will continue review... "	1
"I'm against such heavy committing myself  without some consensus to do so."	-1
"Sorry for the delay  was away."	-1
"Sorry for the super-slow uptake on this  the new job is using up all of my limited brain resources. "	-1
Sorry for that.	-1
"Did you mean to reference HADOOP-8562?  HADOOP-8952 was never committed  although apparently a typo during the checkin of HADOOP-8562 accidentally referenced it."	0
PreCommit-HDFS-Build is stuck.	-1
"I've committed this to trunk  branch-2  and branch-2.2.  Yingda  thank you for the patch.  Chuan  thank you for help with the code review."	1
"Patch looks good. One minor comment  PlanHelper.LoadStoreFinder may better be PlanHelper.LoadStoreNativeFinder."	1
Ported to trunk	0
"Rakesh  The patch looks good to me. Ill wait for hudson to check this in. We are good to go for 3.4 RC now! Thanks Rakesh!"	1
"<danielsh> yes we're aware of the recurrence "	0
"Thank You very much for Your positive review and for improving the patch!  Also, a small correction to Your previous comment, it should be:  ""unit tests included in her patch"", as You know  I'm one of the girls in this year's GSoC program.  It was a great experience to collaborate with You and I Thank You for everything!    "	1
Thanks.  I'll look into this.	1
"This works fine.  It probably could have been done in another Valve (like the policy conetxt valve)  but this is a reasonable solution as well.  Thanks."	1
"Cool  will do!  Thanks for the review and good questions... and the whole idea! :)"	1
Committed. Thanks Namit!	1
Looks good.  Thanks George.	1
"+1 looks good.  Once it is committed  I will deploy it.  Thanks Sourygna."	1
"Test cases for geomultidist() function.  Add this and SOLR.2155.p3.patch"	0
I just committed this. Thanks Amareshwari!	1
"bq. Opened LUCENE-3595.  thanks! I committed this to trunk and backported to 3.x  nice iterations.. ;) heavy committing "	1
Sorry.	-1
"Oh  sorry."	-1
"yes parseLedgerConfig did throw an IOException.  since the bug is found in hub server, topic can't be acquired due to hub server can't closing such kind ledger. if we don't add code in LedgerOpenOp, we have to find all such kind ledgers and handle them manually (maybe delete them). throwing IOException here is OK for me. but I am not sure do we need to keep backward compatibility to handle data/metadata produced by old version. what is your opinion?"	0
"Thanks Areek  new patch looks great; I'll commit shortly."	1
thanks henry!	1
"Oh  well. Many thanks  anyways  Oleg"	1
"bq. So we can add isAlreadyExpiring() and if true  Sorry it should be So we can add isAlreadyExpiring() and if flase we can go with expireIfOnline"	-1
Sorry for being confusing.	-1
Thanks for sweet patch Erik.	1
addressed review comments.  Thanks Vinod.	1
"Can you please address the findbugs warning. (inconsistent synchronization)  I did a quick look at your patch and I am a bit confused by the implementation of setSignaled.  I realize that you did not really change the code at all, but is there a reason that the parameter is ignored?  If you don't know I can look into it myself."	0
Kind of sucks.	-1
"+      if (!more) { +        return false; +      } I was about to submit this same patch today, but I see you beat me to it :) Thanks Mark."	0
"Committed to trunk. Thanks  Francis!"	1
Fixed typo in title	0
"Good ideas  thanks Alexey.  I've updated the test patch. "	1
"I just committed this. Thanks  Arun!"	1
"This patch removes tohtml.xsl and adds configuration_to_docbook_section.xsl.  The latter generates a docbook section from our hbase-default.xml using maven-xml-plugin that runs before the docbook plugin.  Our book then xincludes the generated file (the patch includes this modification too).  Patch includes a edit of our book which adds a preface, an index, an appendix that talks of configuarion, another on compression, etc. "	0
thanks Attila. I fixed the test/header already	1
"Yes  sorry."	-1
I agree. I'm planning to look into WHIRR-370 later this month but I can't provide a timeline for it.	0
"I just glanced through in general: this is similar to the hack patch i used exploring LUCENE-4089  though I just used a Map<String String>.  The part i didnt like when exploring was more related to how term index/term dictionary are separated: {quote} divisor: generalize this into something simple like a Map<String,String> of codec ""parameters"" that you set on IWC/IR. split divisor from ""don't load terms index"". define these as constants where they belong. I got unhappy here in the ""splitting"" part because I wanted the divisor part in TermsIndexReaderBase, but that doesnt extend FieldsProducer (where i wanted the ""don't load"" part) and wrap the terms dict, instead its backwards and terms dict wraps the TermsIndexReaderBase... maybe we should fix that too? I think this confusing the way it is but I didnt look at how difficult this would be. {quote}  But I think maybe I was trying to tackle too much at once... still as an ""untyped"" parameter I thought it would be useful to fix the semantics all in one break rather than causing confusion down the road. "	0
"Committed revision 949471.  merged to branch-1.4 for 1.4.1"	0
"Sorry  attached the file to the wrong issue."	-1
"Hi Tri   Those files looks good. I cursorily checked only.CommonUiLabels.xml.patch but from their sides I guess the others are good as well. But done from the OFBiz roo directory, it's the main OFBiz directory where you fine the LICENSE and APACHE2_HEADER files. Anyway not a big deal I will try to apply them as is and will let you know  You don't have to remove the old files, as you can see they are now grayed, and it's good that you checked the grant license box.  Thanks"	1
"We found the root cause of the problem. Will add a patch  "	0
"sorry old xml here is the used one:  <?xml version=""1.0"" encoding=""UTF-8""?> <root><value>?¤?¶?¼ und ??????"	-1
"Richard  patch applied at revision r437600  thanks a lot for this enhancement  please verify that the problem is fully fixed as you expected. "	1
"Owen  thanks for the slides."	1
Thanks Ravi.	1
Sorry for the missing class src/java/org/apache/jdo/tck/lifecycle/StateTransitionsReturnedObjects.java.	-1
All I'm trying to say is that it's pretty easy to end up in propagation failure hell here or change something else that blows things up for use cases that are not foreseen.	-1
Applied patch with thanks to Scott.	1
Applied to TRUNK.  Thank you for the patch Erik.	1
"Sorry for trouble. I didn't realize that port and context path is configured via pax web & cxf bundle configuration in Servicemix "	-1
"I think clearing private fields should work in all JVMs  since that's what the call to f.setAccessible(true) is for. Those fields were final too before DERBY-23  and it looks like modifying final fields via reflection didn't work prior to Java 5  even when calling setAccessible() first. The tests also fail on 1.4.2 (both Sun and IBM)."	0
"All the regression tests ran cleanly with the patch. Committed revision 1126468.  Thanks for fix, Ed!"	1
"Committed  thanks Dave"	1
I'm very sorry.	-1
"Sorry  this affects 0.9.3 version too."	-1
I love a solution that's simpler and easier to understand than the original.	1
"Thanks  Alexei!"	1
That would suck.	-1
damn this was assigned to you since months.	-1
The v4 changes look good. Thanks	1
Fixed in revision 903352. The change should get published in a few hours.	0
"Ugh  sorry :(  Thanks!"	-1
Committed to trunk. Thanks Johnny!	1
"I can access the patch deletion from ""Manage attachments"" right next to the attachment list.  If you can't access it  let me know which patches need to be deleted..."	0
My bad...	-1
"Sorry  I forgot to change the priority of this one."	-1
Please contact me if you need any clarifications.	1
thanks edgar for finding this one!	1
"I believe this is now fixed.  The test case itself was the problem - missing suffix of ULL or LL for unix  and UI64 or I64 for windows.  I am closing the issue."	0
"Oh  .. clearOutgoingQueues() and put() seems access to localQueueForNextIteration concurrently."	0
Review board comment: https://reviews.apache.org/r/314/	0
Performing the conversion of the time out interval from seconds to milliseconds using longs in the getTimeout method avoids the overflow. Could still add additional methods to the Session API if desired.	0
+1 for 0.95. Thanks.	1
"This looks like it needs rebased onto trunk.  The posted patch includes generated code ({{AdminProtos.java}}), please remove.  Please add javadoc for the new classes and new public methods on existing classes.  {{FavoredNodeAssignmentHelper#placeSecondaryAndTertiaryWithRestrictions}} introduces a {{while(true)}} block containing non-trivial branching logic. Can this be refactored with simpler and/or clearer break conditions?  {{FSUtils}} introduces new configuration {{hbase.client.localityCheck.threadPoolSize}}. Can this be added to {{HConstants}} and/or documented in {{hbase-defaults.xml}}?"	0
"Created an attachment (id=293) Trivial patch that fixes this bug "	0
"Yes  I have been watching OFBIZ-1453 with interest.  I approve of the issue and implementation and didn't have anything to add  so I haven't been involved.  The thing I have been thinking about is that there's some assumptions to be made here for pricing and the type of question.  I.e. multiselect questions should display the absolute price.  I'm also trying to work over some other scenarios.  I'll clean up what I have an submit a patch tomorrow. "	0
"Committed to trunk. Thanks  Sushanth!"	1
"Great  thanks! "	1
Who made this stupid rule?	-1
"Sorry [~svenkat]  I just committed this."	-1
"Agreed  the current behavior is incorrect  I just didn't want you disappointed. :-)  If you create your singleton jira patch before this one is applied, then just include them together and close this bug.  I agree that commit rights would make this simpler and supplying patches is the primary way to gain commit rights, so you are on the right path regardless what happens with Pax Web. :-)"	1
"Oops  sorry folks. Wrong project. "	-1
Unable to reproduce issue.	-1
"sorry  should be: path -p6 < pluto-1.1.0-taglib-el.diff"	-1
I'm an idiot... there's nothing wrong with the readme.txt.	-1
"Jason   did you get a chanse to try this out? It seems to work fine for me and I plan to pop it in the trunk in a few days. I think I'll have to add a warning of some kind in runtime though as it could slow down the index a bit if the reader is way fragmented."	0
Reviewed by Rob.  Approve for 0.20.	0
"Hi Victor  Thanks alot for your help testing this issue!  Would be good to know if it works on Centos too.  kind regards  bob"	1
"I don't see that he fixed anything for TS-2216  are you thinking of his commit for TS-1988 ? I was going to try that."	0
"@Marcelo I was thinking these changes:  {code} -    public static AuthResult allow(String reason, User user, Permission.Action action, byte[] table) { -      return new AuthResult(true, reason, user, action, table, null, null); +    public static AuthResult allow(String reason, User user, +        Permission.Action action, byte[] table, +        Map<byte[], ? extends Collection<?>> families) { {code}  @Andrew You think the above changes an issue?  If not I'll commit."	0
I'm an idiot.	-1
"I see what you mean; I didn't make the distinction between zero values and missing values.  But I am actually using a PreferenceInferrer that fills in 0 for missing values. When I do that, the break still happens before the other dimensions are included in the calculations of sumX or sumY."	0
thanks Tomas!	1
Sorry I forgot to mention: This is for the future branch!	-1
I'm sorry for frequently updating the issue title and contents.	-1
Thanks!	1
"Thank you  Ivan!"	1
Is that ok for this file (b/c I have no idea how to do the svn move now ... after I've made all the changes already) :)	1
This is always a really bad way to design software.	-1
"Thanks for the patch Richard.  Applied to LUNI module at repo revision r418009.  Please check that the patch was applied as you expected.  "	1
Does this suck?	-1
Crossing fingers...	-1
"looks like the test-patch build ran before HADOOP-7753 was integrated in the snapshot build. I'll wait half an hour or so and retrigger this test-patch. Meanwhile  should be good to review."	0
Im stuck with IE6 unfortunately.	-1
My bad.	-1
"Fixed rev 1190423. Thanks Jose! "	1
"Integrated to 0.94  Thanks for the backport, Jeff.  Thanks for the review, Lars."	1
"I just committed this  thanks Ari."	1
Sounds good. We'll postpone HBASE-2993 til then. Thanks!	1
"Thanks Vasily - the patch was applied to BTI branch 2.0 at r615105. Please check that the patch was applied as you expected."	1
"Hi Florent  where is the code you extracted?"	0
"Thanks to Todd and Colin for the suggestions  this is much cleaner.  I'm still looking for pointers on where to go for my Checksum byte-wrangling (now in FSEditLogOp#getRawChecksum)."	1
"I created a class that extends UpdateRequestProcessor  which logs calls to each method. In the console output  you'll see that only the processAdd methods are called when using the DIH in debug mode and the user checks verbose and commit.  I've attached the SOLR configuration that can be used to replicate the issue. I'm assuming that once Lucene commits the files, the UpdateRequestProcessor.processCommit method should be called too.  *UpdateRequestProcessorTest.class*  package org.apache.solr.handler.dataimport;  import java.io.IOException; import org.apache.solr.update.AddUpdateCommand; import org.apache.solr.update.CommitUpdateCommand; import org.apache.solr.update.DeleteUpdateCommand; import org.apache.solr.update.MergeIndexesCommand; import org.apache.solr.update.RollbackUpdateCommand; import org.apache.solr.update.processor.UpdateRequestProcessor; import org.slf4j.Logger; import org.slf4j.LoggerFactory;  /** * Class used to show the interaction between the * DIH process and the UpdateRequestProcessor chain. * */ public class UpdateRequestProcessorTest extends UpdateRequestProcessor { protected static final Logger log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(UpdateRequestProcessorTest.class);  public UpdateRequestProcessorTest(UpdateRequestProcessor next) { super(next); }  public void finish() throws IOException { log.info(""finish called...""); super.finish(); }  public void processAdd(AddUpdateCommand cmd) throws IOException { log.info(""processAdd called...""); super.processAdd(cmd); }  public void processDelete(DeleteUpdateCommand cmd) throws IOException { log.info(""processDelete called...""); super.processDelete(cmd); }  public void processMergeIndexes(MergeIndexesCommand cmd) throws IOException { log.info(""processMergeIndexes called...""); super.processMergeIndexes(cmd); }  public void processRollback(RollbackUpdateCommand cmd) throws IOException { log.info(""processRollback called...""); super.processRollback(cmd); }  public void processCommit(CommitUpdateCommand cmd) throws IOException { log.info(""processCommit called...""); super.processCommit(cmd); }  }  *UpdateRequestProcessorTestFactory.class*  package org.apache.solr.handler.dataimport;  import org.apache.solr.request.SolrQueryRequest; import org.apache.solr.request.SolrQueryResponse; import org.apache.solr.update.processor.UpdateRequestProcessor; import org.apache.solr.update.processor.UpdateRequestProcessorFactory;  /** * Factory used to instantiate the UpdateRequestProcessorTest class * in the UpdateRequest processor chain. * */ public class UpdateRequestProcessorTestFactory extends UpdateRequestProcessorFactory {  public UpdateRequestProcessor getInstance( SolrQueryRequest req, SolrQueryResponse rsp, UpdateRequestProcessor next ){ return new UpdateRequestProcessorTest(next); }  }   *Console Output*  Nov 24, 2011 8:50:39 PM org.apache.solr.core.SolrCore execute INFO: [] webapp=null path=null params={start=0&event=firstSearcher&q=solr+rocks&rows=10} hits=0 status=0 QTime=74 Nov 24, 2011 8:50:39 PM org.apache.solr.core.SolrCore execute INFO: [] webapp=null path=null params={event=firstSearcher&q=static+firstSearcher+warming+query+from+solrconfig.xml} hits=85 status=0 QTime=27 Nov 24, 2011 8:50:39 PM org.apache.solr.core.QuerySenderListener newSearcher INFO: QuerySenderListener done. Nov 24, 2011 8:50:39 PM org.apache.solr.handler.component.SpellCheckComponent$SpellCheckerListener newSearcher INFO: Loading spell index for spellchecker: default Nov 24, 2011 8:50:39 PM org.apache.solr.core.SolrCore registerSearcher INFO: [] Registered new searcher Searcher@6e4eeaaf main Nov 24, 2011 8:51:32 PM org.apache.solr.core.SolrCore execute INFO: [] webapp=/solr path=/select params={command=status&qt=/solr-2914-test-case} status=0 QTime=7 Nov 24, 2011 8:51:32 PM org.apache.solr.core.SolrCore execute INFO: [] webapp=/solr path=/select params={command=show-config&qt=/solr-2914-test-case} status=0 QTime=1 Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.handler.dataimport.DataImportHandler processConfiguration INFO: Processing configuration from solrconfig.xml: {config=./file-data-source-config.xml,update.processor=dih_test} Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.handler.dataimport.DataImporter loadDataConfig INFO: Data Configuration loaded successfully Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.handler.dataimport.DataImporter verifyWithSchema INFO: id is a required field in SolrSchema . But not found in DataConfig Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.handler.dataimport.DataImporter doFullImport INFO: Starting Full Import Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.handler.dataimport.SolrWriter readIndexerProperties INFO: Read solr-2914-test-case.properties Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.handler.dataimport.LogTransformer transformRow INFO:       Processing C:\Projects\solr-test-cases\SOLR-2914\solr\sample-data\artcle1.txt Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.handler.dataimport.UpdateRequestProcessorTest processAdd INFO: processAdd called... Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.core.SolrDeletionPolicy onInit INFO: SolrDeletionPolicy.onInit: commits:num=1 commit{dir=C:\Projects\apache-solr-1.4.1\example\solr\data\index,segFN=segments_g,version=1322170573144,generation=16,filenames=[_l.fnm, _m.frq, _m.prx, _l.frq, _n.tis, _m.tis, _l.tis, _n.frq, _n.tii, _m.tii, _l.tii, _m.fnm, _n.fnm, _l.nrm, _n.nrm, _l.prx, _n.prx, _n.fdt, _n.fdx, _m.nrm, segments_g, _m.fdt, _l.fdx, _m.fdx, _l.fdt] Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.core.SolrDeletionPolicy updateCommits INFO: newest commit = 1322170573144 Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.handler.dataimport.LogTransformer transformRow INFO:       Processing C:\Projects\solr-test-cases\SOLR-2914\solr\sample-data\article2.txt Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.handler.dataimport.UpdateRequestProcessorTest *processAdd* INFO: processAdd called... Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.handler.dataimport.LogTransformer transformRow INFO:       Processing C:\Projects\solr-test-cases\SOLR-2914\solr\sample-data\article3.txt Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.handler.dataimport.UpdateRequestProcessorTest *processAdd* INFO: processAdd called... Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.handler.dataimport.LogTransformer transformRow INFO:       Processing C:\Projects\solr-test-cases\SOLR-2914\solr\sample-data\article4.txt Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.handler.dataimport.UpdateRequestProcessorTest *processAdd* INFO: processAdd called... Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.handler.dataimport.LogTransformer transformRow INFO:       Processing C:\Projects\solr-test-cases\SOLR-2914\solr\sample-data\article5.txt Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.handler.dataimport.UpdateRequestProcessorTest *processAdd* INFO: processAdd called... Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.handler.dataimport.DocBuilder finish INFO: Import completed successfully Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.handler.dataimport.SolrWriter readIndexerProperties INFO: Read solr-2914-test-case.properties Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.handler.dataimport.SolrWriter persist INFO: Wrote last indexed time to solr-2914-test-case.properties Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.handler.dataimport.DocBuilder execute INFO: Time taken = 0:0:0.270 Nov 24, 2011 8:51:41 PM org.apache.solr.core.SolrCore execute INFO: [] webapp=/solr path=/select params={commit=on&start=0&dataConfig=<?xml+version%3D'1.0'?>%0d%0a+<dataConfig>%0d%0a++++<dataSource+type%3D""FileDataSource""+/>%0d%0a++++<document>%0d%0a++++++++<entity+name%3D""f""+processor %3D""FileListEntityProcessor""+baseDir%3D""C:/Projects/solr-test-cases/SOLR-2914/solr/sample-data""+fileName%3D"".*txt""+rootEntity%3D""false""+dataSource%3D""null"">%0d%0a%09%09++++<entity+processor%3D""PlainTextEntityProcessor""+name% 3D""x""+url%3D""${f.fileAbsolutePath}""+dataSource%3D""f""+transformer%3D""LogTransformer""+logTemplate%3D""++++++Processing+${f.fileAbsolutePath}""+logLevel%3D""info"">%0d%0a++++++++++++++++++<!--+copies+the+text+to+a+field+called+'tex t'+in+Solr-->%0d%0a++++++++++++++++<field+column%3D""plainText""+name%3D""text""/>%0d%0a++++++++++++</entity>%0d%0a++++++++</entity>%0d%0a++++</document>%0d%0a</dataConfig>&verbose=on&command=full-import&debug=on&qt=/solr-2914-t est-case&rows=10} status=0 QTime=291 "	0
The new patch uses fs.makeQualified(path) as suggested.	0
Didn't modify any testcases because its just some minor typo fixes.	0
The tricky thing with all the stacktraces we have as of now is that they don't seem to be the cause of the issue. Something is eating all the memory and as a consequence stuff starts to go wrong in arbitrary places. We need to find whatever is eating the memory in the first place. It might be very well be releated to the security provider. Can you try to run a memory profiler and see whether you can spot what is holding all the memory?	0
"The attached patch adds a test case to RestrictedVTITest that shows that the predicate is not pushed in the following query:  select s_r, count(*) from table(integerList()) t group by s_r having s_r > 1  Only the rows with s_r > 1 have to be returned by the table function integerList, so pushing the predicate could be useful.  Committed the new test case to trunk with revision 943088."	0
"Hello George   The fix looks fine, many thanks!"	1
"Integrated to 0.94 and trunk.  Thanks for the patch Jimmy.  Thanks for the review, Andy."	1
"Yes  I missed this basic case. Thanks for pointing out. I will cancel this patch."	0
Thanks	1
I think I'd rather have a CL option so it can still raise an error if you think (say) just one node is down but a second goes offline briefly as you run the loader.  But --skip-dead-nodes would also be reasonable.	0
"Committed. Thanks for the patch :) "	1
"> I've reading the specification and can't find any reference to transient session in Node.lock(). Do you mean that Node.lock() don't modify transient session because it performs a Node.save() internally (there is no need to call save)?  whether an implementation internally calls save() is an implementation detail. ""there's no need to call save"" means that there are no transient modifications which need to be saved by the client.  > My english is a little bad an sometimes perhaps I don't use the correct words and can't express my ideas in the rigth way.  no problem, most committers and a lot of people on the list are non-native english speaking  ;-)"	1
Sorry.	-1
Which API at the thrift client you are referring?	-1
"I just committed this.  Thanks  Prachi!"	1
I would love to have it right now for storm too. If you want me to sign up as a use case I am happy to.	1
"Shit  my bad. The posted patch is from a completely wrong branch of my git repo - I had not realized I ran the test-patch against a branch not branch-1."	-1
Weird.	-1
":)  Best regards, Fabian."	1
"Sorry  forgot to mention this. Try to switch the tabs a second time. The first click on ""Tab B"" will correctly render ""Content B"". But switching back to ""Tab A"" and then again back to ""Tab B"" fails to render ""Content B""."	-1
Committed revision 585929.	0
Quickstart to demonstrate that I can't reproduce this.	0
Hi. Should this be ok to commit to trunk? Thanks.	1
"Great  thank you for the commit Harsh!  Mitch, thank you for providing the detailed bug report. "	1
"I'm afraid one can't extract the text from the given pdfs. Both are using fonts with a non human readable encoding and as there isn't included any mapping  you'll get rubbish instead of the text. Even the acrobat reader can't extract the text."	-1
"Sorry Jacques  I'll upload another file."	-1
"Integrated to trunk.  Thanks for the patch, Bryan.  Thanks for the review, Chunhui."	1
Thanks for being patient Devaraj!	1
"Created an attachment (id=17244) Fix misspelled function names "	0
"Sorry about the noise  was trying out the precommit job."	-1
Thanks for the quick patching Donald!	1
"Ported back to 3.x  Committed revision 991537."	0
Move to wish list since we won't include this in the upcoming G 2.1.5 release.	0
"This task was done before the 2.7.1 branch was created.  This task is now resolved."	0
[~thiru_mg] - thanks for the patch! Looking forward to it landing in 1.7.0	1
Closing all resolved tickets from 2010 or older	0
released with OWB-1.1.4	0
Brain fart.	-1
Made some more progress with kryo plan serialization. Check-pointing WIP patch.	0
"Sorry for the noise  I forgot to grant the license to previous attachment for inclusion in ASF works. Thanks"	-1
"Added missing 2 *  package.html.  Some files need to be removed (svn del): src/java/org/apache/commons/jexl/Arithmetic.java src/java/org/apache/commons/jexl/parser/JEXLNode.java (*) src/java/org/apache/commons/jexl/util/PropertyExecutor.java src/java/org/apache/commons/jexl/util/BooleanPropertyExecutor.java src/java/org/apache/commons/jexl/util/introspection/UberspectLoggable.java src/java/org/apache/commons/jexl/util/GetExecutor.java  If on windows, you really need to remove it before applying the patch otherwise it will just keep using JEXLNode.java for a class named JexlNode...  The patch does not apply cleanly especially UberspectImpl & Introspector. The ""best"" approach I've found yet is to force apply updates even if patch thinks it may have already been applied. Then, for each of them, copy/paste the '.rej' content replacing the end of the original file with the content at the proper place; a quick regexp replace with '^+ ' to get rid of these '+' and it should be ok.  I wish I had a way to generate patches guaranteed to apply (a tool that would apply the patch to the original file & if rejects are found, re-create a patch for this file that replaces the whole content - delete all original content, add all new content - with the new one....)"	0
I will figure out the details and do the port later this week if you don't get to it first.	-1
"As far as the query shit  i have no idea if solrdispatchfilter or whatever could/should do Thread.currentThread().setName(x) or whatever (and maybe restore after)"	-1
"The same appears to be try for case_studies.xml  community.xml  and zookeeper.xml. Should those not be copied for some other reason?"	0
"I don't think there is any sense in this  who cares?"	-1
"Sorry  about that  tiredness."	-1
"+1  I committed this. Thanks, Hong!"	1
" that's some freaky shit ..."	-1
"Swear to god  I'm not a total idiot."	-1
"I'll look into the namespace handler. Thanks.  Yes, I should have added the different event handling support to the TODO above. I need to think more about this and look into the camel code a bit more. Using just the endpoint api, I couldn't create routes on the fly, hence the polling consumer approach.  I'll keep hacking away at in in my toolbox when customer needs dictate.  Am I missing something in your approach, how would I do this then in the XML DSL using your approach?  I think virtual routing is a known limitation of Camel when you start to deploy large scale systems. Out of curiosity have you seen camel ever been deployed with 1000's of routes (and/or routes files)? I think this would have FD and thread overkill problems. Everything repeats itself :)  "	1
"Sorry for the delay and thanks for the good work  works like a charm!"	-1
Bad memory.	-1
"Committed  thanks"	1
"But now that I think about it  it may crap out when coming back to read even on a recovered file."	-1
Thanks for the commit!	1
Forget what I made(D8067).	-1
Added to all-developers group which has this permission.	0
the mirror.facebook.com/hive site was already taken offlne.	0
"Sorry  but your testcase doesn't fail on my machine  it gives me two counters in two windows - the second one with a ten second start delay.  WinXP + JDK 1.5.0_09 + Tomcat 5.5.20 + T4.0.2"	-1
"As Olivier does all the great work here  I assigned the issue to him. Thank you!"	1
"Yes  we need to fix it. :)"	1
Just some variations	0
"We ran gridmix just to be sure that the performance is not hit huge because of the locking business. And the results turned out to be in the same range of 2700-2800 secs of our previous runs of FairScheduler without this patch.  I also had a look at the patch. Looks good. +1."	1
Committed. Thanks Namit!	1
"This is pretty trivial  just adds three asserts to TestPath#testNormalize."	-1
"Sorry ;-)  "	-1
Works fine. Thanks	1
"Brandon  sorry."	-1
"Thanks for finding and fixing. The patch applied at r474719"	1
"Waaaaay cool! I especially like the ""upload file"" option."	1
"Hi Lars. Sorry  I wasn't watching this before so I missed your work til you mentioned it on the HBase JIRA. I'll try to take a look at this this week. Feel free to grab me on IRC if you have specific questions."	-1
"Best regards  Richard"	1
That's pretty unlikely.	-1
Sweet kickstart for our new wiki!	1
There's good discussion on that project and LRU cache in general in HBASE-1460 if you missed it.	0
"Wow  sure!"	1
"Sorry I missed the ""overwrite"" keyword."	-1
"Ah  damn  I thought it was fixed :/  Guillaume ?"	-1
"Sorry for the delay  I'm recreating the mirror now."	-1
"My bad  had a typo in the subscription e-mail."	-1
"  I've now ported the fix to 2.0.4 and deployed  a new snapshot.   Could someone give it a try to make sure it really is fixed so that we can close this off for 2.0.4?  Thanks!"	1
This is only a problem with exceptions from java.	-1
"I commented out the ""jaasTest"" GBean since it seems to work fine without it.  If it's necessary then please uncomment it."	0
"Ok  wow  welcome to Linux hell..."	-1
Committed. Thanks!	1
Automatic location selection is very cool.	1
"Hey Tom   The change in your patch looks good. Latest patch just updates two tests. I'll commit this if Hudson comes back OK.  Thanks, Eli"	1
"Builds fine for me and the code looks good. Great work! I did not run the integration tests.  [~abayer] what do you think?"	1
"Created an attachment (id=16836) struts-config "	0
"thanks Randy!  committed ;-r"	1
+1 for this patch. Looks good.	1
"Hi Ramin   The patch looks good except I think it would be good to give import/export its own  SQLState starting with XIE instead of reusing the existing store FILE_EXISTS message.  Also it would be good to have test cases for writing the lob files.  Kathey "	1
"I'm very busy for the moment so I didn't know when I 'd be able to the change myself  so if you can  your contribution would be one more time really appreciated."	-1
attached a patch for branch 20 security.	0
"Thank you  Carol!"	1
Here is addendum to fix (Sorry about build breakage)	-1
Stupid Maven	-1
Great investigations Doron!	1
Yeah the patch is great. Just that it should not have been categories as a bug :)	1
Excuse me for stolen assignement.	-1
We did agree to produce a hive release in less then 3 months that did not use the NPath trademark. This jira is to specifically address that.	0
"Committed revision 741710.  Thanks Patrick!"	1
"Correction to the design of this feature (I can't edit comments because of permissions  so adding another comment). In case the seconds field needs more than 31 bit  the first VInt is {{-1-reversedDecimal}} regardless of whether {{reversedDecimal}} is zero or not."	0
"Regrettably I do not have a working instance of svn so I can't create a proper patch I have attached the modified source file:  org.apache.tuscany.sca.assembly.builder.impl.CompositeWireBuilderImpl.java  I have commented the place where I modified a single line with:  // FIX FOR JIRA BUG: TUSCANY-1930"	-1
TestWordCountTether times out.  I suspect the wrong version of Java is used for subprocess.	0
Damn it.	-1
I meet the same problem on Eclipse recently but haven't figured out how to get through.	-1
"However  the goal of the test was very good."	1
thanks to Jakob Korherr for this patch	1
thanks for the explanation.	1
I do have a very large # of rows (>150-200MM on many nodes)	0
"Looking at DataStax's 2.0.0 Debian packages  the change didn't make its way in.  Digging deeper, it's only on the cassandra-1.2 branch.  Can someone merge/cherry-pick it to cassandra-2.0 and trunk.  Thanks, Blair "	1
"Hi Christian I just tried to apply your patch, but I found there is no pom.xml in the camel-soap module. Can you submit it to the JIRA ? BTW did you run the test with JDK 1.5.0 ?"	0
2633_20080122.patch: rewrite TestFsck so that MiniDFSCluster is shutdown properly between each test.	0
That's weird.	-1
"Brilliant feedback  thanks! I'm glad you found the issue  and the solution!"	1
"I applied the patch  thanks!"	1
"Hell  this is gonna take me a lot of work to raise."	-1
"The problem is that it builds awt  and that requires some dependencies."	-1
I don't want one-offs like this to become lost and forgotten.	-1
Committed. Thanks Tim	1
Fixed in 1.4 release branch in r605105.   Leaving open until fix (with other pending changes) is ported back to trunk.	0
"Split out some fixes to the SSTII bytes tracker getting out of sync w/ the underlying stream  and did some cleanup to make the streamed/file versions less divergent.  Also adds parallel compaction testing to LazilyCompactedRowTest.  CliTest and DefsTest generate compaction loads (in DefsTest's case, on the Migrations CF -- haven't dug into CliTest as much) that break w/ parallel enabled, although the test doesn't actually fail (argh).  Haven't figured out what's causing that, and haven't come up with a way to reproduce in a ""real"" test yet.  The DefsTest does mix lazy/nonlazy iteration in the merge, which may be relevant.  bq. I'm also no proposing to complicate things.  You're right, poor choice of words on my part.  Latest gives the merge executor a SynchronousQueue.  I think that's a better way to cut worst-case, than the Deserializer, for the reason given previously.  bq. 'if...instanceof' business is a bit error prone/ugly  Agreed. Added getColumnCount + reset to ICountableColumnIterator sub-interface.  bq. say how multithreaded_compaction is different from concurrent_compactors and that multithread_compaction is likely only useful for SSDs in cassandra.yaml  done  bq. The bytesRead ""race"" should also be fixed in CompactionIterable  done  bq. I would have put the code in CompactedRow.close() at the end of the LCR.write() instead of adding a new method, as it avoids forgetting calling close  I did consider that, but it feels weird to me to have write implicitly call close.  I guess we could just change the method name? :)  bq. We can make PreCompactedRow.removeDeletedAndOldShards a public method and use it in PCI.MergeTask  done"	0
"Fixed the minor nits. Thanks  Sid!"	1
"Hi Aki   I strongly suggest you write a persistence system test both for client and server side, which can expose the problem you mentioned and also verify your fix works.  Actually we already have ServerPersistenceTest and ClientPersistenceTest in systests/ws-specs, I think you can add yours in those two classes.  Btw, your suggestion seems ok for me.  Thanks Freeman"	1
Thanks for looking into this Suresh.	1
Thanks Rick for applaying the patch.	1
Will commit it today evening.	0
"I'm excited to see progress being made here  but I have to agree with Joan  the security of this concerns me  even with the new sandbox.js you're putting together."	1
"Thanks Ken! patch applied to trunk:  r480575"	1
This way lies metadata hell.	-1
Pull it back in if you think different.	-1
"Sorry if this spam's things  however it's unlikely that I'll work on these."	-1
(How bad is this?	-1
"Hi Anurag   Thanks for the preliminary peek at this patch. Looks good. I like the way you handled the optional inclusion of the JDBC4-specific classes in the jar file. I recommend adding class and method comments to the test classes so that reviewers will know what these tests are supposed to stress. Thanks for the explanation of why you disabled the SecurityManager and for commenting the property file accordingly. When we do commit this patch, let's leave the JIRA open to remind us to re-enable the SecurityManager after mustang fixes its bug.  Cheers-Rick"	1
"Thanks James  does the rest of the build work with this patch? Seems like this should work with the old RHEL5 toolchain but I didn't look closely. "	1
Fixed in subversion repository as of r1328492	0
I don't have strong opinions about it either way.	-1
" I used to be the latter  but then I went to law school and got a degree in this shit. "	-1
I just committed this. Thanks Mahadev!	1
"Hi Colm   My comments are the same, see above: https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/CODEC-161?focusedCommentId=13485148&page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-13485148  I've not gone through to see if you've addresses any of comments but a quick scan shows that you did not pick up 2 and 3 so I'll wait for the next version of the patch ;)  Thank you, Gary"	1
"Hello Andreas   Thank you for the information.  Shall try the same and upload the patch shortly.  Thanks & Regards, Ravikiran Mane.  "	1
"Thanks for reporting  solved!"	1
"Thanks very much for your response.  I want to thank your team for the great job they've done building a superior open-source solution. Not only do I use but I also promote it everywhere I go. I just did a hands-on lab using JSPWiki to create 'qwiki' WEB apps for 40 people at DEVCON 2007. It got excellent reviews.  I promote this as an Enterprise Open-source solution. If a company wanted to purchase a support contract or services for a production implementation of the product who should they contact?  Thanks again,  Jim Mason   https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/JSPWIKI-24?page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:all-tabpanel ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   __________________________________________________ Do You Yahoo!? Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around http://mail.yahoo.com "	1
Fixed the bug description - sorry for the noise	-1
"Thanks  Ashish!"	1
Thanks Avi!	1
"Hello George   Thanks a lot. The fix works fine :-)  Best regards, Richard"	1
Applied the patch : At revision: 1051526	0
"Don't hate me  just throwing this out there."	-1
"Maven  I am on the fence about it. We actually do not need all the libs I included. Having them in a tarball sounds good  but making a maven repo for only this purpose seems to be a lot of work.  {quote} Should we attempt to factor out the HBase commonality immediately, or commit the overlapping code and then do refactoring as a followup? I'm fine either way; I can give suggestions on how to create the reusable abstract bases and where to package+name them.{quote} If you can specify specific instances then sure. The code may be 99% the same, but that one nuance is going to make the abstractions confusing and useless.  I await further review."	0
This patch really helped.	1
Thanks for the info David.	1
"Created an attachment (id=228) XML source with one entry that can trigger error "	0
Thanks for the patch Mubarak.	1
tricky shit man! I think I found the issue!	-1
"Changes look good. Could you run regression tests with your patch and let us know how it goes?  Thanks  Kathey "	1
+1 looks good.	1
Since this patch is so damn large already I won't be making anymore changes to this other than critical/blocker bug fixes.	-1
"No noticeable performance impact with stress.py defaults  or with one column per row in periodic mode."	0
"I won't get to it  so let's go ahead. In general  we should push things to a ""2.0.x"" version if we want to get it out in time for 2.0 GA."	0
"Cool  thanks Daniel  we're actually cool with either updating it to e9ff8c4928 or flipping the write bit and we'll push the delta ourselves - whatever's the fastest to get to writeable:)  Thanks, --tim"	1
It was a pretty stupid idea to use a static array of instances for QuorumOpMonitor.	-1
Committed revision 1068985	0
:)  Will have a look.	1
"Looks great  thanks Tinny!"	1
"Thanks for the finding  Andrey.  createDir() is recursive. Would be nice to write it in iterative manner.  Would FileSystem.mkdirs() do the job ?"	1
"Sorry for the late review. Have a few minor questions/comments.  60. What happens if have 2 instances of Consumers with the same clientid in the same jvm? Does one of them fail because it fails to register metrics? Ditto for Producers.  61. ConsumerTopicStats: What if a topic is named AllTopics? We use to handle this by adding a - in topic specific stats.  62. ZookeeperConsumerConnector: Do we need to validate groupid?  63. ClientId: Does the clientid length need to be different from topic length?  64. AbstractFetcherThread: When building a fetch request, do we need to pass in brokerInfo as part of the client id? BrokerInfo contains the source broker info and the fetch requests are always made to the source broker.  "	-1
"Sorry  you're right."	-1
"Thanks for accepting this patch. I'm sorry I wasn't sensitive to the brace convention already in the file. I probably could have javadoc'd the inner class  too :)  I didn't think about the lack of thread safety of the SimpleDateFormat class: good catch. So this counts as a bugfix by markt (format was being used in an unsynchronized way prior to this patch) as well as an enhancement by me :)  If DBCP typically uses localized error messages, I'd be happy to provide another patch that localizes the exception's message."	-1
"bq. I'm gonna hold off on LUCENE-2771 until we figure this one out... because it would make your getSequentialSubReaders in the synced=true case quite heavy (without modifications).  Sorry, I was wrong on this... I totally forgot the norms cache is lazy-loaded always in that patch. I'll commit LUCENE-2771 it shouldnt affect this!"	-1
"Took me a few seconds to get it  but then I realized how awesome it is.  "	1
"Oops - the hivemodule.xml snippet from the previous post should read:  <implementation service-id=""tapestry.multipart.ServletMultipartDecoder""> <create-instance class=""org.apache.tapestry.multipart.MultipartDecoderImpl,sizeMax=-1"" model=""threaded"" /> </implementation>  Sorry for any potential confusion..."	-1
"Hi [~justinedelson]  thanks for applying the patch and fixing the formatting."	1
Changes ported to branches/2.1 in rev 656740.	0
"That irritated the hell out of me too  but I didn't realise it was configurable in the .launch file."	-1
"Not only it's the first one in my life I'm seeing multiple ways of closing the same thing  it also conceals programming errors."	-1
Awesome! This tool is cool.	1
"Hi John   I would agree, using object notification is probably a cleaner way to do this."	1
I was not aware of being required to call that method.	-1
Thank you for the patch Xuefu! I have committed it to trunk!	1
It really sucks that there is now way currently to include transitive dependencies.	-1
"Integrated to 0.92  0.94 and trunk.  Thanks for the patch, Chunhui.  Thanks for the review, Lars."	1
"Knut and Rick  thanks for your feedbacks. I will take care of the comments posted by Knut. Rick  thanks for adding -lint directive  it will be good to see the error from the compiler."	1
Committed revision 648214 for IPF fix.	0
thanks to Ernst Fastl for adding this.	1
Thanks Sijie.	1
"Hi Simo  sorry for delay. I had a quick check to org.kohsuke.MetaInfServices . It seems to fit all our needs: use the quickest and more standard way to declare plugins in a transparent fashion. I don't have any objection with this patch  for me it is ok. Thanks Mic"	-1
+1 Patch looks good	1
Thanks a lot for your help!	1
"Hello Oliver   Sorry for the late response. I haven't had any time to look into this again, maybe it was a misuse on my side after all. Since I haven't been working on the project I encountered the behavior in for months, this issue might as well be closed."	-1
Original edited patch was messed up... stupid sed!	-1
this patch fixes the dir permissions	0
And the current behavior is irritating.	-1
Damn.	-1
Reassign to fix in future release.	0
I just committed this. Thanks Jeff.	1
+1 code review	1
"Created an attachment (id=1333) xml/xsl testcase for normalize-space-bug "	0
"Not too bad though  since clearing out commitlog segments is easily done."	-1
"+1 This looks good to me. Existing configurations will still work with this patch  so there are no compatibility concerns."	1
CSS is really confusing sometimes.	-1
+1 patch looks good.  The checkstyle.xml is specified in hadoop-project-dist/pom.xml .	1
"I did it works fine with 2.1 and iOS6.  Thanks!  Dominic    "	1
"Did you set:  struts.devMode=false struts.configuration.xml.reload=false  This did the trick for me :) "	1
Applied to master and branch 1.2.x. Thanks Klaus.	1
My error.	-1
"Sorry  I miss. This bug is same STR-2372. I change resolution to INVALID. "	-1
"Hi Leon  thanks i'll take a look. Anyway i thought of refactoring this parsing mechanism, we can do better :-).  Cheers Sascha"	1
"Oops  didn't mean to leave that in."	-1
"HI Anahita   Your patch tested successfully."	1
"I just did an AMD Linux build  and all I did was remove /usr/lib from the list of libraries.  Since we don't really need /usr/lib at all, don't you think a better patch would be to remove that directory all together?"	0
"The DismaxRequestHandler and StandardRequestHandler are both deprecated and replaced with SearchHandler.     "	0
Tnx for the quick fix. Works perfect!	1
Phabricator is being a little buggy.	-1
Thanks!	1
"Thanks so much  Knut Anders!"	1
"Looks good.  +1  pending Hudson."	1
"committed  thanks Xiao Li!"	1
"I've done some modifications and checked with valgrind and reduce around 6000 bytes of a loss with echo sample. regs lahiru"	0
"Why the hell do they deliver Duration  if they cannot instantiate it :-/"	-1
"Damn  it seemed it didn't work."	-1
"I'm looking through DateTools now and can't help but want to clean it up some.  One thing I see that is odd is the use of a Calendar in timeToString(long resolution).  The first two lines look like this right now: {code} calInstance.setTimeInMillis(round(time, resolution)); Date date = calInstance.getTime(); {code}  Instead, it can simply be: {code} Date date = new Date(round(time, resolution)); {code}.  Secondly... I think a good deal of logic can be cleaned up in the other methods instead of a bunch of if-else statements that is a bad code smell.  Most of the logic of 3 of those methods could be put into Resolution and be made tighter."	0
"indeed  good catch!"	1
">Tilman Hausherr  hello, finally it  works! I just downloaded the revision 1535956, and bulded it with Ant. and added the new *.jar to my project's build path. it printed very well.  thank you very much."	1
Thank you.	1
"Thanks Elliot! Did you forget to add FailedSanityCheckException to the 0.94 patch? If the same as in 0.96 I'll just add it at commit.  Will the new exception cause compatibility issues in old 0.92.x and 0.94.{0|1} clients? I don't think so... Just making sure. "	0
"Tim  I have no objection. Let's wait."	0
"Completed: At revision: 614842  -- Thanks Maja! "	1
"Hi Suran   The new catalogs_b.patch looks very good."	1
Committed patch 2a to trunk with revision 784701.	0
Fixed. Now we dont have restPath only service path.	0
Closing all resolved tickets from 2010 or older	0
"I didn't do that because that seems bad in hive  so I returned ""null"" from the operation."	-1
"Adds leading ""/"" to root context of default plan.  "	0
"but app developers should always explicitly set it based on their application  My guess is that a large enough group of people take the defaults that it matters."	-1
"Please forget last comment  it is incorrect."	-1
"Yes  I just tried it and this change works when the user's classpath variable is unset.  I've just committed this. Thanks Michael!"	1
"Ivan could not reproduce this on the latest build  so closing."	0
"[~lhofhansl]  thank you so much."	1
"Committed trunk revision: 1206033 Now backporting."	0
"Patch applied  thanks!"	1
"committed  thanks!"	1
"2 5 hours gone."	-1
"resovled  commits in comments"	0
"Holy hell  I think I found one problem with turning a bignum into anything else."	-1
+1 lgtm to get rid of the extra logging and to kill the child process.	0
"bq. If you back-port this to 2.9  you can't use any of the java.util.concurrent.* Very good point! - didn't thought about back porting at all.   bq. I'm not sure you need a separate SearcherHolder class - can't you re-use IndexReader's decRef/incRef? I guess I did not see the simplicity the reader offers - blind due to  java.util.concurrent.* :)  bq. I think there are some thread safety issues.. this is weird - on my dev machine and in the patch it is not synchronized.. on the machine I run the tests it is. Anyway you are right.   I changed the code to be compatible with 2.9 using indexReaders.dec/incRef.. will attache in a minute   "	1
"FWIW  I didn't experience the problem with Karaf commands when using Fuse ESB (based on Karaf 2.2.5)  but I did have problems with Aries Blueprint when I tried to instantiate some of our own beans as an OSGi service.  Workaround for me was to remove the Aries Proxy 0.3 bundle shipped with Fuse ESB and install Aries Proxy 0.3.1. After I did that and restarted the container, the problem was resolved for me."	0
"+1 as well.  Patch looks good  like the javadoc  we get lots of users asking what those exceptions mean."	1
Another backport (for a different jira) of mine is failing and I want to see if I can figure out what might be wrong there before doing a new backport.	-1
Closing as a duplicate of ROL-1642.	0
Thanks a lot Subin.	1
"Xueqiang   I just committed your latest patch. Keep up the good work!  http://svn.apache.org/viewvc?rev=803128&view=rev"	1
"I did nothing special. My understanding was that simply trying to test under JDeveloper caused the problem. Your report says removing xmlparserv2 causes JDeveloper not to start.  Is there something else I need to do to cause the problem?  FYI - I created a Maven project with the code above as the only application. I then imported the application, which was a bit frustrating as it didn't seem to accomplish much. I then had to manually add the log4j 2 jars into the classpath along with target/classes and had to make a couple of other changes so that it knew how things were laid out in the project. I then ran the application from JDeveloper and it ran fine."	0
Not sure I want the transient inability to clean up some local log or other trivial task to kill a whole pig job?	-1
Committed branch and trunk.  Thanks for the patch Mikhail.	1
"Please try this patch. Thanks a lot!"	1
+1 Thanks Sambavi	1
Thanks guys!	1
Uploaded new patch by addressing review comments from Amar.	0
Dupe of HIVE-3869	0
I didn't see anything in subversion?	0
Forgot ASF grant.	-1
"Thanks. Yes  when that fragment is part of an RTF file it provokes the exception  so if you could put it into a valid RTF file it should throw the exception."	1
"Committed to trunk. Thanks  Enis!"	1
Sorry guys	-1
"Bad. "	-1
"Sorry  I took Martin's comment to mean the patch was committed and issue closed  which certainly discarded all the patches the first time around."	-1
"I added a patch to fix the deadlock issue.  I used the same type of approach as Brian Ewins did with his patch. So the addition of some of his concepts could be applied to fix them both at the same time.  Reference of his patch suggestion: http://nagoya.apache.org/jira/browse/AXIS-238?page=history"	0
"Sorry for the patch error. I have created a patch both for 562 and 564,and attached it in 564. "	-1
Can anyone please review the attached patch ? Thanks	1
"Provide MMap and SimpleFS DirectoryFactory impls.  Didn't include the DirectIOLinuxDirectory yet  since that still seems highly experimental."	0
"Of course  it could...  :-)  DOH!"	-1
That is bad.	-1
"Brilliant  thanks!"	1
A patch file is attached here to address these problems. Many files have been touched. Sorry for it. But I'm sure there are more files than these that have i18n problems. I'd like to dig more into it as soon as these critical ones are resolved.	0
+1. Looks god. Thanks for making it better.	1
Looks good to me.	1
" if you want to make these optimizations  fix the APIs so its intuitive  otherwise  no way."	-1
3.1.0-incubating released!	0
This is a silly one.	-1
"Mark   Alexey's right, the original fix was invalid. Please undo all the patches. Sorry. "	-1
"I just committed this.  Thanks  Hairong!"	1
"why on earth would it match anything  you have not even touched the Apache install."	-1
I am in the middle of reviewing both of these patches and noticed that they are related and won't mix well.	0
"Then  to make matters worse  since the mid-1990's I've been offering pro bono advice to non-profit foundations whose members insult me regularly and assume I'm an amateur.  "	-1
"There are two sections of the diff that don't seem related: {noformat} @@ -178,7 +184,6 @@ <mkdir dir=""${build.webapps}/job/WEB-INF""/> <mkdir dir=""${build.webapps}/dfs/WEB-INF""/> <mkdir dir=""${build.webapps}/datanode/WEB-INF""/> -    <mkdir dir=""${build.webapps}/history/WEB-INF""/> <mkdir dir=""${build.examples}""/> <mkdir dir=""${build.anttasks}""/> <mkdir dir=""${build.dir}/c++""/> @@ -274,13 +279,6 @@ </jsp-compile>  <jsp-compile -     uriroot=""${src.webapps}/history"" -     outputdir=""${build.src}"" -     package=""org.apache.hadoop.mapred"" -     webxml=""${build.webapps}/history/WEB-INF/web.xml""> -    </jsp-compile> - -    <jsp-compile uriroot=""${src.webapps}/datanode"" outputdir=""${build.src}"" package=""org.apache.hadoop.dfs"" {noformat}  This was part of HADOOP-2901, which was recently committed; the patch no longer applies cleanly. Could you regenerate it?"	0
"Hi Paulex   The fix looks good, thanks!  Best regards, Andrew"	1
Committed. Thanks Yuntao!	1
Please review the submitted patch. Thanks.	1
"My bad  uploaded the wrong patch."	-1
Looks good. +1. Checking this in.	1
"Noah said he’s going to fix this in his build-fauxton branch  but I’d like to explain this for posterity.  make indeed throws this error, I didn’t suggest it is a grunt.js error, but it’s the way we use Autotools. In particular, in how we use Autotools for packaging. Each file that is supposed to end up in our final apache-couchdb-x.y.z.tar.gz tarball needs to be marked as such in a Makefile.am. For Fauxton that means we maintain a list of Fauxton files in src/Makefila.am specified as `FAUXTON_FILES`:  FAUXTON_FILES = \ fauxton/app/addons/activetasks/assets/less/activetasks.less \ fauxton/app/addons/activetasks/base.js \ fauxton/app/addons/activetasks/resources.js \ …and so on  In that list, there is a line: `fauxton/app/initialize.js`, e.g. where we say that file is supposed to go into the release tarball. That file however does not exist at the time `make dist` is run, so make complains. I assume the solution is that make needs to call grunt at some point to turn fauxton/app/initialize.underscore into fauxton/app/initialize.js and I think that is what Noah is doing in his branch. I just wanted to explain, why this isn’t a make error. "	0
Sorry - the federated build is still working out kinks...	-1
"If someone wants to take this over  that's cool - I'm unlikely to have time in the next week and a half  though."	-1
This looks good to me.	1
"Hi Henry  Thanks for checking it out. "	1
"Yes it is a dup  thanks Mike for taking care of this (I planned to do this yesterday but didn't make it)"	-1
"Hi Willem   I've just tried the latest version from the trunk. Now everything works like a charm. Thank you very much for such a great help.  Regards, Sergey"	1
"Simon  thanks  please commit this :) "	1
"Great work...this is awesome stuff. "	1
"okay  I'm convinced.  Sorry about the wait.  As an apology I have coded up the URL-based version in v3.  (Haven't actually tested it on non-local files though, but it compiles. :)"	-1
"Looks like a good solution!  Thanks for taking care of this, Uwe!  {quote} Should we backport this to 2.9 and 3.0 (which is easy)? {quote}  +1"	1
Committed! Thanks Liyin!	1
That's weird.	-1
"Well  damn."	-1
That is a bit too lax I think.	-1
Sorry for the trouble.	-1
I just committed this.  Thanks Giri!	1
"No  it's not off the table  but it's moot unless we decide we want cqlsh in-tree at all."	-1
who the hell starts using our jira for typing lessons ?!?	-1
"Thanks  that looks good now; much easier for the end-user."	1
I think you made mistakes in ivy.xml.	-1
"Attach a screenshot of Local Security Policy console (secpol.msc)  where users can add symbolic links privilege to their accounts."	0
Should the forceSync be volatile?  Otherwise patch looks good (make it volatile on commit?)	1
"Thanks for taking the time out to review the patch  Bryan. Yes  the patch is ready for commit unless someone else is reviewing it too. Thanks again."	1
"Remove from 0.20.205  in hopes that HDFS-2342 did indeed fix TestHdfsProxy.testHdfsProxyInterface."	0
"This is my fault  didn't try other profiles  yarn was broken as well. Works now."	-1
"Committed  thanks Sambavi."	1
"Thanks guys. :)  I also agree with Hyunsik's suggestion. I updated hadoop dependency to follow hadoop version of 'tajo-project'.  Check the patch again. please. "	1
Applied to trunk.  Thanks Elliott.	1
committed to 1.2 and trunk. thanks!	1
"Sorry Ivan  attach a new patch with --no-prefix."	-1
"Here are 2 patches ... one for adjustExamplePaths.bat & .sh and the other a new file holding 2 User Libraries ... UIMA_LIB & UIMA_AS_LIB Not sure where this should go ..."	-1
"Committed by Ryan Baxter as revision 1352277 "	0
"Hi   Here is the missing file. I'm sorry for the delay.  Regards, Eric"	-1
"Because  we don't care for this in cases where we there is no node that is down."	-1
Any reason not to commit this patch? It's been hanging around a long time.	0
patch committed thanks!	1
"When I ran make-maven target  build failed with following error: {noformat} BUILD FAILED /Users/amarsri/hive/build.xml:706: Warning: Could not find file /Users/amarsri/hive/build/ql/pom.xml to copy. {noformat}  I don't see any pom files created in build directory. "	0
"Committed to trunk. Thanks  Harish!"	1
"Thanks a ton for your review  Todd. Here's an updated patch which addresses all of your comments except the following.  bq. In EditLogFileInputStream, why do we need to pass isInProgress as a boolean? If it's in-progress, that means we don't know the lastTxId, so it would be INVALID_TXID, right? So we can implement isInProgress() by just comparing lastTxId.  Because in the case of pre-transactional ELFIS, we pass in INVALID_TXID, even though the log is not yet in progress.  I'm still working on producing an updated patch which also adds testing for the pending DN message queues."	1
"Kishan  If this is already merged  can you change status to resolved??"	0
But please don't say that my reasoning is bad - because it is not.	-1
"Um sorry  i thought this ticket was about something else - patch attached  David would you give a try?"	-1
"Thanks Atul   Your patch is in trunk at r933169  I just added some ""mod for OFBiz layered lookups"" comments around changes as suggested Sascha"	1
"Released in Qpid 0.24  http://qpid.apache.org/releases/qpid-0.24/index.html"	0
"Oleg   I agree, it does seem that the presence of the Proxy-Authorization header on the already authenticated connection causes re-authentication.  So, for NTLM to work the proxy-auth header must be removed once authenticated.  I don't think either patch 2 or 3 handles this case, unless (in the case of patch 2) the host also uses NTLM.  What we really need is a way to remove NTLM headers after the authentication has succeeded.  Mike"	0
Committed to trunk. Thank you Lorand!	1
Weird.	-1
"Bertrand - nice work. This is a great idea and the patch looks good overall. Couple of points:  - Don't forget the Apache header on the new Errors class - Maybe do the grammar corrections on the counter error messages separately? Just so we keep the commits to a single issue each. - I'm not sure we need to retain the delegating ""formatValueList"" method in TestDriver. Something to discuss...  As for using Guava to do the string join - I know MRUnit used to have it as a dependency but this was removed in MRUNIT-50. Probably not worth bringing it back for such a simple method. "	1
"It may cause conflicts  but if your intent is to break system security  you probably don't care."	-1
"Thanks Divesh   Your patch is commited at revision: 762863 "	1
"To upgrade to a recent version of Jackrabbit  see http://wiki.apache.org/jackrabbit/BackupAndMigration I'm afraid I can't say much about the risk.  "	-1
"cool stuff! a good candidate to put on myfaces-commons-utils  so the user can just add the resource handler on its webapp faces-config."	1
"Hi Ahsan  I noticed that there are some good links to suggestions for writing the best proposal from this page: http://google-opensource.blogspot.com/2013/05/student-proposal-deadline-for-google.html "	0
"Following the recent facets work  I think that as part of this issue we should do the following two things (in addition to what I described above):  * Make OrdinalPolicy an enum with two constants (ALL/NO_PARENTS). It's already hard to support just these two (see LUCENE-4610 and LUCENE-4600), and it's not at all clear how to support arbitrary OrdinalPoilcy-ies that users will provide. ** Rather, if one really wishes to encode only say levels 3 and below, he can extend FacetFields and provide his own CategoryListBuilder. ** For the search side, he'll need to provide whatever will work for him (I cannot even describe here what API exactly because of the complexity)  * Nuke PathPolicy. One can extend FacetFields and provide his own DrillDownStream. I'll need to check about that one, but it looks like we can get rid of it too."	0
"Finally  it should be noted that the 'noSession' filter only prevents new sessions from being created.  It allows access to any existing session that might have been created in another part of the application by the application developer."	0
"bq. Though  pig itself compiled fine and is ready to go  the contrib projects (owl zebra piggybank/hiverc) didnt compile  I think because either it didn't download dependices of those projects or didn't include them in the build path.  Ashutosh, yes. I did realize it and as you rightly guessed, it is because the ivy-dependency list doesn't have some jars that are actually being used by contrib packages. This is not an issue related to eclipse-classpath. However, there has to be a JIRA opened to solve this issue of downloading the missing jars by ivy.  Can you please file a JIRA for this? Thanks"	1
"David  lgtm  Bryan, I believe assignee should be Erik as the author of initial version of patch, but I can't find him in drop box."	0
"Fixed  eventhough these are commented out."	0
Patch committed to trunk. Thanks Niraj.	1
reopened for fixVersion	0
Cool cool - thanks stack!	1
I want to integrate the sweet sweet logo Andrew crafted.	1
"I found the reason why we observe different behaviors with the network server: Since you run with the default security manager, you actually get derby.system.home set as a system property as a side effect (see line ca line 586 in NetworkServerControl.java) as part of the set-up of the security manager. I ran without the security manager, so I did not get it set.  I do think though, that the old behavior was buggy: I can't see why one should need to set derby.system.home explicitly to get the auto-boot behavior. Unless someone can explain why this should be so, I'll file a bug for that. "	0
"Sorry  I was not able to create one diff-file  so I added for every build.xml an own diff."	-1
I'm confused.	-1
Thanks for the patch.	1
"Hi Steve  gentle reminder as per your instructions about reviewing this patch. Thanks!"	1
"Thanks! Looks like a good clean-up to me. I admit I didn't check all the changed lines in detail  but the approach gets my +1 :) "	1
Created the DTACLOUD wiki space.	0
"Thanks a lot!  "	1
My bad.	-1
"Sorry for the mess there  I was just trying to port CFS and Hive metastore too... but those tests don't work right now  so put it on hold  getting it to work with CQL3 Column Families is a priority for me right now  so will come back to those later.  Just for the Hive handler, please look at the (cas-support-simple-hive) branch - https://github.com/milliondreams/hive/tree/cas-support-simple-hive  All the test cases (whatever few they had) pass there and it is working perfectly with Thrift/Compact storage Column Families."	-1
I must have looked at this before my morning coffee..	-1
"Hi Robbie  would you mind reviewing this commit?"	0
Please submit an diff against the v2.3.1 branch.	0
Committed to TRUNK.  Thanks for the patch Doug.	1
Fresh build works for me now too.  Looks like the missing snapshot has been published somewhere now.	0
"Hi  I’m trying to use hive performance benchmark. I read README file and followed step by step, and finally I reached to the data generation part. Teragen has no problem, but I face a problem with htmlgen.  I configured something to my own cluster (40 VMs), and launched generateData.py, but it never finished! I launched it about 10 hours ago.. So, I modified UserVisits and Rankings in config.txt to be smaller, but it was also failed. Even it consumed very little resources when I saw 'top' information in the ubuntu.  Have you guys ever met this kinds of problems? And if you have, how did you solve this problem? Thank you so much "	1
Will be taken care of next releases	0
"Thanks  Mike!"	1
"So very cool  and so very committed-- thanks Matthias  this is awesome."	1
I commented out the assertion for this test ... it's not valid.	0
"Thanks for figuring this one out and providing the patch  Jamie!"	1
"Thanks Richard   Patch applied to NIO_CHAR module java.nio.CharsetEncoder at repo revision 389784."	1
"Re-attaching  as I didn't grant ASF license first time I attached it!"	0
sorry.	-1
"Created an attachment (id=1417) xercesc/framework/XMLValidator.hpp "	0
"Keep repeating this and the problem just gets worse. "	-1
"Richard  patch applied at revision r430325  thanks a lot for this enhancement  please verify that the problem is fully fixed as you expected. "	1
"@Matt... I'm an idiot  I used the wrong patch. Sigh."	-1
"er  take two  uploaded wrong thing."	0
The DebugDLL and ReleaseDLL build configurations for vs2005-activemq didn't have the /DEBUG linker flag turned on.	0
"ah  got it. thanks Ivan for explanation."	1
Committed this. Thanks.	1
Here is quite bad.	-1
Thanks  Klaus!	1
"Hi Arpana     "	0
"this was released in 1.4.9  but is now being reverted in 1.4.10 due to overwhelming community feedback"	0
"Thanks for applying the images.  Please check and apply the patch I've submitted to FOR-1008 [1]. Since the changes required to resolve this issue involves files modified there, it has to be applied first.  [1] https://issues.apache.org/jira/secure/attachment/12363540/valid_xdoc.patch"	1
Fixed in HBASE-2156 after it was reopened.	0
Looks like your change did not fix the findbugs. But i think you need to suppress the findbugs warning : HRS_REQUEST_PARAMETER_TO_HTTP_HEADER. It is suppressed for jobdetails.jsp in MAPREDUCE-1185.	0
"Crap  forgot to verify that this is inconsistant with MRI  it's not."	-1
I like the elegant parser!	1
"Sorry  didn't look at the code until commit...  Can you test making it hash to a Long or a 8-byte ByteBuffer?"	-1
Trying again.	0
"Attaching the doc updates for the Tuning Guide. Please review and comment if these updates are ready to be committed."	0
[~arpitgupta] thanks for helping narrow this down!	0
Committed. Thanks Hitesh!	1
"Sorry to come in late. Some clarifications: # MR1 JT kills all running tasks on a TT when it's deemed 'lost'. # It also kills all completed maps on that TT for 'active' jobs. # The tasks are marked KILLED rather than FAILED and thus don't count towards the job, which is correct since it wasn't the job's fault.  Hope this helps."	-1
"Actually now that I think of it  we never had anything exposed via jmx for the RM? Looks like this is the first bean we are adding. Is that right? I thought some of the work that Thomas did on web services was also exposed via jmx. No? "	0
I think it's time to just close this issue.	-1
"I just committed this. Thanks  Alejandro!"	1
As of 05/25/07 no error is thrown in IE7 when title bar is clicked in window.xal example.	0
"Best regards  Richard"	1
"I was able to download and extract http://db.apache.org/derby/docs/docs-10.0.tar.gz just fine. Thanks for working on this  Myrna."	1
" ----------------------------------------------------------- This is an automatically generated e-mail. To reply, visit: https://reviews.apache.org/r/898/ -----------------------------------------------------------  (Updated 2011-06-15 20:24:15.631412)   Review request for hive.   Changes -------  address Ning's comments. Did the minimum change and the performance is acceptable. We can try to remove empty path check if in future we see the latency is not good.   Summary -------  speedup addInputPaths   This addresses bug HIVE-2218. https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/HIVE-2218   Diffs (updated) -----  trunk/ql/src/java/org/apache/hadoop/hive/ql/exec/ExecDriver.java 1135335 trunk/ql/src/java/org/apache/hadoop/hive/ql/io/CombineHiveInputFormat.java 1135335  Diff: https://reviews.apache.org/r/898/diff   Testing -------  yes.   Thanks,  Yongqiang  "	1
Sorry for the noise.	-1
The food is very bad.	-1
"{quote} I don't really know much about NamedSPILoader but I think what you're suggesting. How would we support Factories loading unrelated classes like they can through ResourceLoader now? Assume they're on the classpath and use Class.forName? {quote}  It needs more discussion (and input from Uwe would help!), but it works like Charset.forName(""ASCII"") etc. We use this already for codecs and postingsformats (Codec.forName, Codec.listAllCodecs, ...).  Have a look at lucene/core/src/resources/META-INF/services for the idea. Basically you ""register"" your classes in your jar file this way: additional jar files (e.g. look at lucene/test-framework/src/resources/META-INF) can load more classes.  So this could support some idea like TokenizerFactory.forName(""Whitespace"") or something simple like that. So someone would not need to use org.apache.solr.analysis.xxx namespace to be able to load their analyzer stuff easily, they use whatever package they want and register in their META_INF. And added jar files (other analysis jars), are automatically available this way.  I think Uwe mentioned this idea before, though I think he had Analyzers in mind (e.g. provide language code and get back analyzer or something). Anyway thats for another issue :)  Just something worth consideration if we want to make these modules really pluggable. On the other hand we shouldn't use anything overkill if its not the right fit... "	1
Fixed then :)	1
Looks good to me.	1
Thanks to both for these usability enhancements !	1
"Hi   We are using Jackrabbit to store/retrieve the content in my application.  Please find the attached config files of my application.   Best Regards, RK OCS L3 Support +91 44 39853531 +91 98408 51525.  "	0
"Sorry  this new patch is the correct one. Still learning the ropes :-)"	-1
"bq. guess we need to supply a tool to rename sstables files if anyone is on longer names?  We probably don't need to do anything. I don't think anyone is really using names long enough for them to it the file system limit, the goal of limiting the names is just so to prevent this from happening but there will be no other assumption that the names are short from the code.  I also don't think anything will prevent rolling upgrades, do you had something in mind?  Note: I have a long flight ahead of me so I plan to update my last patch with both those changes, as I still like the moving of all the directories handling in a dedicated class, even if we don't support both layout."	0
+1 patch looks good.	1
+1 on intent from looking at what the patch fixes.	1
":) Sorry about that."	-1
sorry about this.	-1
(sorry if that was confusing)	-1
"Hell  UnaryFunction might even be faster than all of these calls in a row. "	-1
Bringing this in the latest 0.89	0
"hi dhruba borthakur    I am using the 20.1 version.. I put NameNode in safemode and then i executed the save namespace,,But editlogs are not corrupted.. can u please give exact scenario to reproduce this."	0
"if someone wants to work on this please go ahead  I still plan to  just no time yet."	-1
(Do nothing): Are you serious about that?	-1
"I don't have to ensure that the classloader knows groovy classes  *you* must do that."	-1
I'd say to hell with windows minority :)	-1
Sounds like a good idea but better to only fix in 1.5 to keep 1.4 more 1.3-compatible.	1
"Hi Carlos  This looks awesome! Lots of cool stuff."	1
any progress on this issue?	0
Committed to trunk. Thanks Jarcec!	1
It worked fine in Jetspeed 2.2.0 too	0
"Thanks for the report  and sorry its taken so long to fix it."	-1
This is weird.	-1
Haven't you done this N?	0
"Thanks Uma for looking at the Jira. I think it should work fine with BPOfferService#registrationSucceeded(..) synchronized. Will post a patch soon after verifying it. "	1
Committed.  Thanks John.	1
"Stefan   > the said method is not public since it returns *all* workspace names, regardless of user rights. please note that > the a session must only see/know about workspaces it is actually allowed to access.  I'm working on a garbage collector for the data store. The GC doesn't care about user rights, or, putting it another way, it must be able to access all workspaces. Ideally I'd like to use a SystemSession, but you can't get one outside RepositoryImpl or o.a.j.c package (i.e., getSystemSession(String) is package private, WorkspaceInfo is protected). I understand that these APIs shouldn't be public, but they're useful from within the core. In my case, for the GC. I'm very interested in using another way to walk every workspace, but this other way should guarantee that the repository won't shutdown during a walk operation. I'll check the solution Thomas said he'll be proposing, but in the mean time that is what I'm using. Still, I don't see why this APIs aren't public. Regards"	0
Thanks!	1
Pretty sure this was fixed by the time we released JRuby 1.6.	1
"Thanks so much  sorry that this isn't in the appropriate place."	-1
"Mac  looks like the tests are failing (especially TestHarFileSystem)."	-1
"That looks great  thanks! I replicated the database but can't figure out how to start the CouchApp  can you help? Cheers  Chris."	1
"I just hate having no clue what a file is really depending on ;) "	-1
Did you get a chance to try a patched build?	0
Patch committed. Thanks Jarek!	1
"It should be noted that the client driver already caches the LOB lengths (for both Clobs and Blobs). I planning to go ahead with the patch for StoreStreamClob in the embedded driver."	0
Add this in once 0.20.2 clears.	0
"Great! Thanks a lot. I suppose it will be in the next nightly build?  VBR johan   "	1
"Shit  there is an dependency. Please go to Preferences -> LDAP -> Entry Editor and enable the option ""Show operational attributes""."	-1
"+1  Looks good to me. Thanks."	1
"The patch should be relatively trivial  but like I said  I have no idea if there is other important stuff going on there or not."	-1
"Sorry  I narrowed down the issue to Chrome's over-zealous caching. I was able to reproduce the problem on two separate computers in a simple project where I had upgraded from Wicket 1.4.0 to 1.4.15. But due to testing before and after  Chrome had cached the buggy version of wicket-ajax.js from 1.4.0 and did not detect that it changed with the update. Clearing the browser cache resolved the issue.  Sorry about the bogus bug report."	-1
"Secondly reading this code I can see why this bug is happening  after completing stage 2 above when adding the new item the code does ""ordered - cancelled = quantity"" which equates to ""1 - 1 = 0""."	-1
"Andrey   I don't quite understand this patch.  For instance  you didn't mention bcprov above but you remove some references to it in build/make/components/extra.xml and build/make/deploy.xml and confusingly the patch doesn't remove build/make/components/extra/bcprov.xml ?  This seems a little inconsistent.  Perhaps I'm missing something. "	0
"ahhh sweet  i'm guessing you have an IDE that does this? If the tests pass commit  this kinda crap goes out of date too fast!"	1
"[~mbo]  yes & yes  IMHO."	0
"patch applied.  thanks! "	1
"+1  looks good - will commit if the tests pass"	1
Changes committed with revision: d3a9688d00bd520dc1c9b3a40b229aa9b10c87f0	0
"Attached v2.2  rebased to trunk latest."	0
Indeed that would be VERY bad design.	-1
Patch applied with thanks!	1
I attached a patch to add one test for plaintext.	0
"fixed to use reader.termDocs(null) for delete check. "	0
"Committed to trunk  branch-2 and branch-2.1-beta. Thanks Jian."	1
"Created a new issue and copied the patch there:  https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/DAEMON-93"	0
"Sorry   fixed."	-1
"Hi Sascha   There is an overlap with OFBIZ-3843, could you please check?  Thanks"	1
[~acmurthy] did you commit to both branch-1.2 and branch-1?	0
"dc36d49eb3e240b3d8fd8b89ab178a7b1ec17d8b TS-1513: SPDY plugin crashes on connection close  Thanks for testing!"	1
"Thanks  Adrian!"	1
THis is now resolved and pushed to npm as 3.0.1. Uses npm's proxy configs in lazy-load module.	0
"Thanks Alexei  the patch is fine. "	1
"Hmm - it seems that the patch cannot be applied on a few files - e.g. the CxfEndpoint.java patch. As it seems your patch is against an old version of the code?  e.g. your patch uses the line  {code} * @version $Revision$ {code}  when trunk is  {code} * @version $Revision: 563665 $ {code}  Any chance you could do an 'svn update' to ensure you are using the latest/greatest trunk, then create the patch again please? As right now I cant apply it"	0
Committed to sqoop2. Thanks Jarcec!	1
Reopened for trunk fix.	0
"Awesome  you rock  Drew!"	1
"I don't think this is a bug. CachedSqlEntityProcessor will execute the query only once and that is its USP. If you don't want the caching  then just use SqlEntityProcessor."	0
"I've committed this to trunk and branch 22.  Thanks Nigel!  Tested via ant tar and ant package instead of Hudson since most of the change was done via svn remove (the patch only applies to build.xml). "	1
"Thanks for taking this  patch looks good. Is this good to be committed?"	1
Pretty much everything that FSNamesystem (ie.	-1
"Created an attachment (id=2473) Patch to MANIFEST.MF "	0
"I don't think this is a bug -- you essentially moved files out from under a running instance  something cassandra can't expect.  In the end  sstablesplit should only be done offline."	0
Bikas -is there any reason to not make the {{close()}} operation in {{unpackEntries()}} part of the try/finally logic? Other than that it looks good to be -the {{Shell.WINDOWS}} checks ensure that the Unix untars will be the existing shell commands and not break anything	0
patch applied - thanks!	1
"Daryn  the current patch looks good."	1
"the patch looks good to me  aside from the lack of unit tests."	1
"Hello   Sure you are right here, I didn't make myself clear enough Im sorry.  As you (and RFC959) say, when we are sending the file we should transform to NVT-ASCII but not when we are receiving the file. In this second case, i think that the expected behaviour is that the text message be written to a file with the default line separator for the platform.  The sender converts the data from an internal character representation to the standard 8-bit NVT-ASCII representation (see the Telnet specification).  The receiver will convert the data from the standard form to his own internal form.   Actually , according to the spec before a RETR ASCII operation is transformed we should be converting the charset to ASCII , for our machine could be using EBCDIC  to store files and clients are supposed to expect that files are encoded in NVT-ASCII.  So I don't know ... Any way, this has little priority for me (until someone using a non-ascii-compatible encoding complains) so we could leave this for the future. Any way I don't like ASCII mode for it breaks  the 'REST' command. My implementation only supports binary mode.     "	-1
"Hello Leo  The patch has been applied at revision r479576, thanks a lot for this enhancement, please verify that the problem is fully fixed as you expected."	1
"Just changed the workflow scheme  should work now."	0
"I just committed this.  Thanks  Sameer!"	1
"I've just committed this to trunk and branch-2. Thanks a lot for the reviews/testing  Chris and Todd."	1
"I've just gotten a chance to look at this.  A few things jump out immediately.  1) I have to chew over the changes to Cayenne core a bit more.  Off hand, they don't seem bad, but something feels weird about it.  2) While I can appreciate the cut working like a remove, it's a bit weird to be prompted to delete the item.  3) I can't paste an ObjEntity I just cut back to the same DataMap.  With the lack of an undo feature, the only reasonable thing for me to do is a revert the datamap.  4) I think my font changed for labels.  I'll have to verify that.  Looking at #3 again, actually, I can't seem to paste at all.  I even tried creating a new DataMap and was unable to paste the ObjEntity to that."	0
"The attached patch  combined with an `svn rm drivers/' should be enough to call this a Done Deal."	0
Sorry I'm wrong about #2.	-1
"I've just committed this. Thanks Espen  Andrzej  and Owen!"	1
"Ah great  thanks!    "	1
Commenting it out in src/test/log4j.properties isn't enough. Setting it to ERROR works though.	0
"Wow  it's like Thrift is going out of their way to make life suck for us this month."	-1
"Good advice  this works..."	1
"Can you run: {noformat} yum repolist all {noformat}  and post what you see? "	0
Why not use getSystemLoadAvg() to make it portable?	0
"Integrated to 0.94 and trunk.  Thanks for the patch, Anoop.  Thanks for the review, Stack."	1
"That being said  I'm not totally opposed to making the limit configurable."	-1
"Thanks Ilya  Aleksei - the patch was applied to BTI branch 2.0 at r542776. Please check that the patch was applied as you expected."	1
(@ddlatham: thats kinda funny that you wrote the linked-to article -- it was a random google search)	1
"Oh  I'm sorry  I was unclear."	-1
"Reattaching with ""grant license..."""	0
"Thanks for taking a look  Jiannan "	1
Sorry.	-1
"Thanks Radim   I put this into trunk, branch-2, and branch-0.23"	1
"1) Yea  we'll need Java 6 for the future stuff. Wasn't sure what the project's posture on that is. 2) Not a problem... documentation is key.  However, I don't think this patch should be accepted as-is :-) There is a LOT of duplicate code in my patch. I did this because I didn't want to mess with the QueryRunner code if everyone thought my idea was stupid. However, there are a number of methods in the AsyncQueryRunner are improved from the QueryRunner (see DBUTILS-79).  I propose that we create a base or abstract class which both QueryRunner and AsyncQueryRunner extend. Thoughts? "	0
"Done at revs 946320 and 946321  thanks Blas"	0
"Using nutch with solr has been a very demanding request  so it will be very useful when this makes into trunk. I have spend some time reviewing the patch  which I find quite elegant.  Some improvements to the patch would be - make NutchDocument implement VersionedWritable instead of writable, and delegate version checking to superclass - refactor getDetails() methods in HitDetailer to Searcher (it is not likely that a class would implement Searcher but not HitDetailer) - use Searcher, delete HitDetailer and SearchBean - Rename XXXBean classes so that they do not include ""bean"". (I think it is confusing to have bean objects that have non-trivial functionality) - refactor LuceneSearchBean.VERSION to RPCSearchBean - remove unrelated changes from the patch.(the changes in NGramProfile, HTMLLanguageParser,LanguageIdentifier,... correct me if i'm wrong)  As far as i can see, we do not need any metadata for Solr backend, and only need Store,Index and Vector options for lucene backend, so i think we can simplify NutchDocument#metadata. We may implement : {code} class FieldMeta { o.a.l.document.Field.Store store; o.a.l.document.Field.Index index; o.a.l.document.Field.TermVector tv; }  FieldMeta[] IndexingFilter.getFields();  class NutchDocument { ... private ArrayList<Field> fieldMeta; ... }  {code}  Or alternatively we may wish to keep add methods of NutchDocument compatible with o.a.l.document.Document, keeping the metadata up-to-date as we add new fields, using this info at LuceneWriter, but ignoring in SolrWriter. This will be slightly slower but the API will be much more intuitive. "	0
Patch was commited on May 13 2009.	0
Great idea.	1
"bundles have been promoted to OSSRH some minutes ago. It will take roughly 2-4 hours before they appear on Central  so this one is close to be fixed."	0
"<gmcdonald>   my bad "	-1
"Closing based on comments from Matt.  Thank you."	1
"1. My feeling is that ""if (file.lastModified() < now + ACCESS_TIME_RESOLUTION)"" is not necessary  since the lastModified value will already be truncated to the system resolution  but I do not think it is harmful.  2. I chose to throw exception only if file.canWrite, because I was trying to minimise the impact of the change. It's not clear to me whether setLastModified might work when !file.canWrite. However, it certainly must work (because of GC) if file.canWrite. I would consider moving the canWrite test outside of the setLastModified call, similar to getRecordIfStored, it just wasn't necessary to fix the immediate problem.  3. Well, not swallowed exactly, but caught and converted to failure return code (-1) e.g. see BLOBInDataStore.getSize. In any case, the javadoc for Property.getLength/getLengths documents -1 as a possible ""failure"" return code, so it had to be tested. I think if Property.getLength/getLengths throws an exception, that is already correctly handled.  Thanks for the quick response.  "	1
"Hey Aidan  can you cast your eye over this again. Thanks."	1
Two more IDs for initial access: greid and brock.	0
"We got lots of votes on this issue  seems like we should take some action here! I will assign it and make sure it will be resolved rather sooner than later.  bq. Please add this feauture  to get expectations right, we are working on releasing 3.2 soon and this one should not block it. I will work towards 3.3 here"	0
The patches look good :)	1
"I did an ubuntu 10.x apt-get install and flume/* downloaded the following unwanted packages: flumotion_0.6.1-1_amd64.deb foomatic-filters_4.0.4-0ubuntu1.1_amd64.deb "	0
duplicate of FLUME-1475	0
"Actually that's what this change did  sorry for the noise."	-1
This is a pretty awful bug.	-1
Sorry to nag.	-1
Sorry for the wild goose chase!	-1
Thanks Erwan for you're effort :-)	1
"I've tried something similar (I removed the handlers and kept the readers)  but the performance was not visible."	-1
Attaching JUnit testcase so I don't loose it.	0
"Thanks in advance Jens "	1
"Hi Manjula  I think your approach basically looks good. Please see my comments below.  1) I think this code  +        NetworkServerControl serverControl = null; +        int port = TestConfiguration.getCurrent().getPort(); +        String hostName = TestConfiguration.getCurrent().getHostName(); +        serverControl = new NetworkServerControl(InetAddress +                .getByName(hostName), port);// initialized for the shutdown.  could be replaced by a call to NetworkServerTestSetup.getNetworkServerControl()  2) +        try { +            serverControl.shutdown(); +        } catch (Exception e) { +            fail(""Unexpected exception"" + e.getMessage()); +            e.printStackTrace(); +        }  e.printStackTrace() won't ever be called, since it's placed right after a call to fail(). Anyway, I think it is better just to remove the try/catch/fail and let JUnit handle the exception itself.  3) I can't see that getNewPort() is used, so it's probably best to remove it.  4) It looks like most of the changes in TestConfiguration.java are reformatting/white-space changes. If you could post a new patch which only contained what's actually changed, it would be easier to review those changes."	1
"Passed tests and committed to trunk.  Thanks Charles! "	1
"Thanks again for this really great patch  Andrew."	1
Thanks Andrew - the patch was applied to SQL module at r525019.	1
"Thank you Jacques for the quick commite !!  Pierre "	1
"Merged the batch file updates to branches/2.1 (revision 743129). Thanks again! "	1
"Filling diags.log is bad mojo  since it's never rotated."	-1
just pending announcement now	0
Doh!	-1
" I am sorry for the delay in responding. If you think the new patch is read for commit can you check patch available and it will get back on the radar.   Is derbyall clean as well l?   I am not seeing the original path anymore.  For future reference, I think it is good in general to keep the old ones there to see what's changed.  Thank you so much for all your work on Derby!    "	1
Nit-corrected patch. Committing.	0
"If and when Xerces moves to SAX 2.0.1  this patch will satisfy the behaviour of SAX1 and SAX2."	0
Sorry that I think I missed some discussion in the mailing list.	-1
"I'll be happy to edit the wiki when I get this resolved!"	1
"Patch applied  thank you."	1
"Hi Chris  could you add my username as initial developers for the Spark JIRA? Thanks."	1
"I almost forgot  as I received the email notification on the weekend."	-1
Nice work [~stepinto] !	1
"On second thought  I removed the patch. This would just be working around the problem. I could live with a verdict that this dev environment is broken in some way that I'm just not seeing. Or  there is another option that avoids what looks like an enumeration over local addresses for reverse lookups (including virbr networks). Since this is all localhost testing  mocking the resolver is not unreasonable."	0
"Sorry  missed this."	-1
"Patch is in.  Thanks  Jarcec."	1
"Great! Awesome work  Nick  and thanks for the clarification  Bill. "	1
"I was actually trying to debug the issue and didn't see anything that looked like it would nuke the DataMap/DataNode under the DataDomain and was wondering if it was a visual issue  but didn't try saving the model to see if it had actually deleted it.  Something about all that information disappearing was unsettling.  This is definitely a post 1.2 thing  I think.  Thanks! "	0
Forgot to grant license	0
"Due to the java compiler bugs Jing mentioned  I have reverted the commit."	0
I'm however very interested in this feature as it is essential to me.	-1
"I'm sorry  the error was only triggered on a clean build.  Thanks for the catch Eric, can you please review the simple fix?"	1
"Thank you for the source code  but why don't you also attach a diff file you get by running 'svn diff'?  It will help us figure out which part is changed exactly.  Thanks in advance!  Your idea sounds very good, though. :D  "	1
+1 looks good to me.	1
"Thanks a lot for fixing those issues  Alejandro. I re-ran all the tests I ran last night and everything worked great.  Additionally, I tried out test-patch.sh, which seemed to work flawlessly.  +1, patch looks good to me."	1
"Yes  someone should have a look at this. I just ran it again and it is still failing."	0
"*Damn*  I forgot."	-1
First cut at a patch for bin/hadoop	0
"hi  Im Sujan. I need to send proposal for gsoc  2012 for  	1
Great (it turned out simpler than what I would have thought). Thanks Andy.	1
Sorry for the noise.	-1
If the different segments are somewhat homogeneous then these stats should pretty much be very close anyway.	-1
"@Owen - I'm working on getting Harmony working on Hadoop at present. We're pretty close  and have workarounds for most issues but the trick is to fix the issues in such a way that we can create a patch with a resolution that works for all the JREs.  Yes, there are equivalent classes for both IBM Java and Harmony, so we could do something whereby it identifies the JRE and then loads the appropriate library, but I'm looking to see if there is a more extensible approach.  @Nicholas - Yes, Hadoop 0.20.x works just fine on IBM Java. I've submitted patches targeted for 0.20.3 - see HADOOP-6923 and HADOOP-6924 - that makes Hadoop 0.20.x work cross JRE.  The com.sun.security.auth classes were introduced with Hadoop 0.21"	0
"bq. Here's a patch for the general case  and it also adds a warning that you should set your similarity with Similarity.setDefault  especially if you omit norms.  Is there no way to remove this stupid static default and deprecate Similarity.(g|s)etDefault()? Can we not use the Similarity from IndexWriter for the case of NormsWriter?"	-1
Applied.  Thanks Simon!	1
"I haven't had any time to try re-upgrading after having to back out 2.0.8  but I will be sure to let you know how it works out as soon as I get the opportunity."	-1
This is pretty embarassing!	-1
Git is tricky that way.	-1
Interesting that you decided not to detect the error based on finding two similarly-named operations.	1
"I've tried patching the current SVN version of tapestry-core  but the patch did not work for me either  though no failure messages  just silently does nothing when trying to get a page (404). This is a homebrewed version of the ""quickstart"" app.  Directory structure is exploded/x.ear/x.war/WEB-INF/classes/... JBoss is set to deploy the exploded/ directory.  Packing the JAR in WEB-INF/lib works, but JBoss/Tomcat can't do reloading or hot deployment in this case, which is very annoying.  It would be nice if I could get this to work :)  Used JBoss 4.0.5"	1
"The latest patch looks pretty good to me. Two small nits  +1 once these are addressed: # Generally in the Hadoop codebase we put the ""@Test"" annotation right above the method declaration, below the method comment: {code} +  @Test +  /* +   * test #toString() for typical VolumeId equality classes +   */ {code} # In the class declaration of INVALID_VOLUME_ID, I recommend putting a blank line between the methods being declared there.  Thanks a lot for improving the test coverage in this area of the code, Ivan, and thanks a lot to Andrew for your reviews of these patches."	1
"Make patch against the latest trunk  and add the comment suggested by Bikas."	0
Thank you!	1
"Thanks  Mayank"	1
When you install a node module globally it goes into /usr/local where you don't have permissions to move shit into unless you sudo.	-1
"Thanks  Daryn!"	1
"<pctony> Herbert  sorry we cannot do this.  The scope of the blemlist AIUI is at the SVN repo level - and we run a single repo for all the ASF projects.  However buildbot works at the per-project level. Short of perhaps re-writing all of our buildbot mechanisms from the SVN master this is not do-able. Sorry. "	-1
Thanks Karl.	1
Ran the test with a 5.8-SNAPSHOT build an everything seems fine.	0
Thanks to Fabrizio for the patch.	1
"Committed to 0.20.205.1  branch-20-security  0.23.1  and trunk.  Thanks, Dave!"	1
"Hi Ivan  As Donald has reassigned this JIRA to you, please help to review and commit these patches after I submit the patch for TranQL localization. Thanks. BTW, the first patch in the list had already been committed."	1
Sorry again.	-1
"Dean I am sorry it didn't work out-of-the-box for you.  Yes by all means if you have time later and still have issues then open a new ticket. "	-1
Adds docid Field to the index for EnwikiDocMaker	0
hudson was hung just now for 7 hours in TestHRegion.  TestHRegion is unorthodox -- intentionally -- in that it doesn't use inherit from HBaseClusterTestCase so it didn't pick up the changes made w/ mhbc.patch.  Hopefully its this anomaly that was responsible for the hang.  Attaching a patch that has TestHRegion do like the rest of the hbase (and hadoop dfs) tests shutting down the filesystem first and then the dfs cluster.	0
"Actually I don't want to specify the encoding  because I don't care how the data is transported to me."	-1
"Patch verified at r535584. Thank you for applying it. "	1
"But I will quit committing to Hama then  because I'm not going to support ONLY a binary format."	-1
"Hi Jacques  hi Ankit ... i think i found the reason why we can't call layer recursivly ... i made a patch but i can't sync my trunk today (i'm at our friends house and they have only internet via gps connection ... it's so slow :-D). I will provide the patch on monday morning.  Have a good Weekend Sascha"	1
"Oh  ok."	-1
"Great  [~jhsenjaliya]."	1
Thanks Robert. Committed to trunk.	1
Committed revision 1331265.	0
This is awesome - works in a one-liner.	1
+1 looks good - all tests pass.	1
Sorry [~fiberlijun] - havent had a chance to look at it yet.	-1
I always get the same stupid error.	-1
+1 patch looks good.  This cleans up a lot of code.	1
Thanks Steve!	1
Updating patch against new 4164.patch-2.txt from CASSANDRA-4164.	0
Thanks [~ajisakaa].  +1 pending jenkins.	1
The cause is that the call to SpecificResponder.writeError in Responder.respond ultimately calls GenericData.resolveUnion which in turn calls GenericData.getSchemaName before the line where the UnresolvedUnionException gets thrown.	-1
"bq. 1)  Sorry  didn't create a patch for the README since it was a small change  it is included in this patch with the comment revision.  "	-1
"Thanks a lot  Jon for signing up this."	1
A patch for this. Thanks a lot.	1
I just committed this. Thanks Samuel !!	1
"I just committed this  thanks Jothi!"	1
"I just committed this. thanks flavio.  "	1
Closing issue; Oozie 3.3.2 is released	0
"Committed r1146903 Thanks Jonas for the patch."	1
"Thanks Scott   I have committed your last work in svn with rev. 7876 "	1
"After applying Mathias patch the sample documents works fine.  Thanks Mathias."	1
Applied the patch. Thanks Dennis!	1
"Nothing wrong  everything is cool."	1
Dumb user; disregard.	0
Committed to TRUNK.  Thanks for the patch Doug.	1
+1. Just committed this to trunk and branch-0.23. Thanks Jason!	1
"Hi Oliver   Thanks for catching this problem and for your suggested fix. We can go one step in simplifying the fix by removing the need for URI altogether if we use the getResourceAsStream() method of ClassLoader rather than getResource(). Modified version of your fix committed in revision 405036. Please could you check that this version of your fix works in your environment.  Best regards, George  "	1
I'm trying to conditionally hook this into the build so we can get it into SVN and go from there	0
"Thanks  Owen!"	1
"Sumeet  we did it purposely because if the proxy services are dynamically loaded then we need to build those services at the runtime and redeploy them which is a little bit risky on a production environment. Also there is no mechanism to check whether a particular proxy definition is updated in the registry or not because this configuration is used only at the startup.  We can add this functionality to load the proxy services only at the startup time from the registry (this doesn't mean they are dynamic), but I don't see any value there. If you could explain a bit about your exact requirement, I might be able to provide an alternative to this.  Thanks, Ruwan"	1
I added your tests and didn't see any failures against ActiveMQ.  However I did make a change anyway to StompFrame similar to you patch expect that I just used the DataInputStream's readFully method to ensure all the data gets pulled off the wire.	0
"bq. I assumed modules doesn't need to be self-contained like Lucene or Solr. I can fix that by enforcing tools' compilation in that macro... I'll do that. bq. Steve, will you double check again if everything works  Yes, everything works for me now, thanks!  bq. and commit this in?  Is there some reason why you can't do this?  IMO committers should commit their own work.  bq. I didn't put an entry into CHANGES so you'd have to add it if it qualifies at all to be mentioned there.  IMO this definitely warrants a CHANGES.txt entry.  This should also be backported to branch_3x.  bq. This reminds me of the ""infrastructure tools"" problem we had in Carrot2. We finally decided to simply have them as a stand-alone project living within the same repository space, with a stored, versioned binary artefact updated when tools had to be updated (rarely). This does version a binary file but you don't need to worry about recompiling things over and over.  +1 to do this for this and any other Lucene/Solr Ant tasks."	0
"Sorry  I was trying to get to the wiki but it's been a busy week. "	-1
"Thanks Ankit   Your patch is in trunk at r1060220, I did not backport as it's not breaking anything"	1
"Cheers   Ashwin..."	1
"As soon as I made the change in Karaf  I will submit the CXF patch."	0
Thanks for the clarification. I will reintroduce separate data structure for LEADING/FOLLOWING notifications.	1
"Committed to trunk  0.92 and 0.94.  Thanks for the patch Shaneal."	1
"Sorry  should ask first."	-1
"Setting it to Major  as the case seems to be random. Please comment if you disagree."	0
"I have committed this.  Thanks  Junping!"	1
"In MapReducePlanCompiler.java   {code} if (PigContext.instantiateFuncFromSpec(materializedResult.outFileSpec.getFuncSpec()) instanceof ReversibleLoadStoreFunc) { POMapreduce pom = new POMapreduce(logicalKey.getScope(), nodeIdGenerator.getNextNodeId(logicalKey.getScope()), execEngine.getPhysicalOpTable(), logicalKey, pigContext); pom.addInputFile(fileSpec); pom.mapParallelism = Math.max(pom.mapParallelism, materializedResult.parallelismRequest);  return pom.getOperatorKey(); } {code}  That looks to me like it won't allow map reduce to start unless the store func is reversible.  Am I missing something?  "	0
"I have committed this.  Thanks  Michele!"	1
Works fine with my minimal test case and the tutorial. Thank you!	1
hi. Ping? :)	1
"Thanks Todd  glad to be on board!"	1
Reopening this issue and Richard will add more information into the JIRA.	0
"Super  I'll commit shortly -- thanks Yonik!"	1
"Thanks a lot  Kiran for the patch."	1
"Oleg  A minor comment.. I don't see why the close() method would throw an IOException..  thanks asankha"	1
I believe this is fixed by HADOOP-9984; let's wait for that patch to land and then triage.	0
I didn't know we needed to retain backwards config capability across 3.x to 4.x  :-(  That sucks and it'll make old code stick around longer.	-1
+1 Committed. Thanks Suresh	1
"About EPL licence please have a look at http://people.apache.org/~rubys/3party.html#category-b. Seems fine with some light constraints"	0
Brings this patch back up to trunk level.	0
"Thanks for double-checking the fix  Knut. I am thinking of merging the fix into 10.3 tomorrow just to make sure that tests run fine on the tinderbox. All the tests ran fine on my machine."	1
Thanks Tom.	1
"> but I renamed a set of sstable files in data/ to the ""wrong"" version and it did not catch this at startup. I'm not sure what you mean. Which is the ""wrong"" version: the legacy version?  > (does it still ignore tmp files at startup?) I'll double check, but I assume so. I didn't change the check that removes tmp files, because it did it based on looking for TEMPFILE_MARKER anywhere in the file name, which should continue to work."	0
"Nobody has started.  If you want to submit a patch  that would be great!  Thanks! "	1
"It is a nasty bug that I've seen in real life  though."	-1
"I believe this is a duplicate of HTTPCORE-328  Oleg"	0
Committed a few days ago.	0
"I've revised DateConverter to conform to java 6: changed isAlphabetic to isDigit (and reversed the ?: values) use SimpleDateFormat(""Z"") as Tilman suggested.  Also fixed some Javadoc in both DateConverter and TestDateUtil"	0
" Looks good to me.  Colm."	1
"I just committed this. Thanks  Omer!"	1
"s/[~apurtell]/[~lhofhansl]/  Sorry guys."	-1
"Committed to 1.3.1 branch at revision: 685854 "	0
"Any feedback on the updated patch?  I'm guessing it won't cleanly apply to trunk anymore since it's been two weeks  but if the general idea looks correct  I can update it to apply cleanly to the current trunk."	0
"Applied the patch into trunk with thanks to Luca after minor refactoring. "	1
Thanks Daniel. We will get back on this as soon as we have the correct information. Thank you.	1
"This indicates the Standard inetorgperson schema under the standard ou=schema. This also shows the cn=institutesinetorgperson schema which is the custom schema"	0
This is bad.	-1
"+1  I committed this. Thanks, Kay Kay!"	1
"bq. you tweaked a couple little things with the standard cache capture state  Actually I think I just moved things around?  EG I made it the StandardTermsDictReader's job to seek the termsIn file, I moved docCount ""up"", and I made a single cache entry.  I think I also removed a few attrs that we didn't need to store... and downgraded skipOffset from long -> int (it's int on trunk)."	0
"+1  Looks good to me.  Thanks, Hyunsik!"	1
Inserting timestamps automagically would be bad because it would limit a whole swath of use cases.	-1
+1. The patch looks good.	1
"But  even if it wasn't it would be totally worthless where it is at."	-1
"Ray  Jacoo   I finally commited it in revision: 485087.  Thanks "	1
"I see no gain to make it singleton (Scala object) too. No need to change it without reason."	0
"Of course  StrFieldSource is a private class  No it's not."	-1
The mutateLevel problem looks like what I predicted -- Windows won't let you rename over an existing file.	0
"Ah  that was my bad."	-1
"Oh man ... it's a fucking precendence problem. "	-1
"Oh  sorry  will submit them tomorrow. Hmm  svn diff is really strange. Don't know why the files were not included though I did the diff from the src/java/o/a/c/jci dir."	-1
Please ignore attachment (id=6938).	-1
"Thanks Andrew  committed in rev."	1
"Awesome work: this is a great first cut! "	1
"Excellent work  Doğacan - thank you."	1
Sorry to let you lose a wild goose chase.	-1
" ----------------------------------------------------------- This is an automatically generated e-mail. To reply, visit: https://reviews.apache.org/r/3401/#review4382 -----------------------------------------------------------   Looks good. Does it overwhelm the status display in the UI?  - Lars   On 2012-01-06 03:06:26, Andrew Purtell wrote: bq. bq.  ----------------------------------------------------------- bq.  This is an automatically generated e-mail. To reply, visit: bq.  https://reviews.apache.org/r/3401/ bq.  ----------------------------------------------------------- bq. bq.  (Updated 2012-01-06 03:06:26) bq. bq. bq.  Review request for hbase and Michael Stack. bq. bq. bq.  Summary bq.  ------- bq. bq.  Consider exposing master event handler state as monitored tasks. bq. bq. bq.  This addresses bug HBASE-5132. bq.      https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/HBASE-5132 bq. bq. bq.  Diffs bq.  ----- bq. bq.    src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hbase/master/handler/ClosedRegionHandler.java 2dfc3e7 bq.    src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hbase/master/handler/DisableTableHandler.java 5af0690 bq.    src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hbase/master/handler/EnableTableHandler.java 78bb5bf bq.    src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hbase/master/handler/OpenedRegionHandler.java f171a5a bq.    src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hbase/master/handler/ServerShutdownHandler.java 2dd497b bq.    src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hbase/master/handler/SplitRegionHandler.java 2d544dd bq.    src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hbase/master/handler/TableEventHandler.java 76c98b3 bq. bq.  Diff: https://reviews.apache.org/r/3401/diff bq. bq. bq.  Testing bq.  ------- bq. bq.  None yet. bq. bq. bq.  Thanks, bq. bq.  Andrew bq. bq.  "	0
"If you would like to take up this work  that'd be great."	1
"Thanks for spotting this  fixed at r487519"	1
"Created an attachment (id=16279) Patch to add percentage-dimensions and jpep quality handling (against Trunk) "	0
"Wow  fast. Thanks!"	1
"Jerome  I did a skeleton of the code to use HashMap. Do you want to start from there and add what is missing? "	0
How do you know that a key will exceed a threshold until after you've passed it?	0
The patch & tests look good to me.	1
Committed to branch-2 and trunk. Thanks Ahmed!	1
"This new patch incorporates a few of Hairong's comments.  1. There is no need to check LOG/isInfoEnabled() because logs are typically at INFO level anyway. 2. Change the comment in addStoredBlock() on why we log when safemode is off."	0
"I propose to commit drop_column_v8_restored_tests.diff. If there are any reviewers currently examining this patch, please let me know. Unless any additional review comments are raised in the next 48 hours, I will commit the patch."	0
"Thanks a lot for the review  Todd. I've just committed this to the HDFS-3077 branch."	1
"That's great.  Thanks  Junping.  Then  I will first commit HADOOP-8820.b1.002.patch.  For the additional bug fixes  let's create a new JIRA since we also need to fix the code in trunk. "	1
We dropped check for references; we need to always compact if references.	0
The Async API in http client 4.x really sucks.	-1
> I hated that aspect of working for commercial companies.	-1
Great job. I'll review this patch today's night.	1
true.	0
"Cool  that's all good news too! Thanks guys. One less on my radar."	1
> We can't let fear of back-compat prevent us from making progress.	-1
I have a really bad habit of not reading thru all the bug comments before asking questions.	-1
This patch effectively reverts the HIVE-4688 change. The NPE is fixed in VectorizedRowBatch by HIVE-4758.	0
"bq. Actually  DIH started as a standalone webapp inside AOL. We changed it because we didn't want to duplicate the schema in two places and also because we wanted to have it available by default in Solr installations.  Another web app means you need to procure hardware  plan capacity/failover  create firewall holes etc  Even if it were a standalone app, I would still run it on the same hardware that runs Solr, though I might run it on the secondary servers that aren't normally seeing query load.  Why would you need to have the schema in two places?  My DIH config doesn't mention any field names, because all Solr field names match the MySQL field names.  Even if they didn't, I'm not sure why it would be any different than any other SolrJ client, which doesn't need to have a copy of the schema.  bq. Talking to multiple collections was never a goal for DIH – I'm not sure what value it will bring.  I've got a sharded index; currently production is on version 3.5.0.  Full rebuilds are done with DIH because my SolrJ application can't touch it for indexing speed.  It does fine for keeping the index up to date with once-a-minute updates, but for indexing millions of documents per shard, DIH beats it handily even though it's only single-threaded.  If I could put all the DIH stuff into one central place, it might make it easier to manage.  I do intend to look at the DIH code to see how it manages to run so fast, so I can hopefully improve my own code, but I can never find the time. "	0
"Oops  it is my fault. Please defer this patch  I'll raise jira for other classes/interface as its dependance soon  sorry for inconvenience."	-1
I just thought of one more thing we should do.  We should make the StringInterner as @Public and @Stable.  The API is simple enough I don't see much of a problem locking it down.	0
Seems to be a faulty mailserver setup at laguna-industries.com.	-1
Committed revision 1165174.	0
"[~shazron]Sorry  that was weird."	-1
SnappyCodec check for Hadoop native lib is wrong.	-1
"Hi Guillaume   I think that what you are saying is right and i find ( despite is on the specification or not ) that to have the error status is quite useful.  But i don't agree that if InOnly MEP terminate with an ERROR status it should propagated back.  I agree totally with Gianfranco this should be done only when we're working in sync mode, otherwise it's better not to propagate the error back and use feature like restart from the failure point, that we've just implemeted.  Do you agree with this??  Andrea "	0
thanks luis!	1
Thanks Kathey.	1
see also SOLR-2399 -- this has done some great work revamping the admin UI	0
"This looks reasonable to me... sucks we have to special case handling of "" ""..."	-1
Thanks Laura.	1
"Wrong patch  sorry."	-1
"I just committed this. Thanks  Amareshwari!"	1
"In the past  I have enjoyed working with everyone here."	-1
Committed revision 777662.	0
bq. this is solr's fault by having a getter that does some heavy duty xml shit.	-1
"changing the name of JIRA from ""multithreaded"" to ""parallel"" as we've done it with forks instead of threads."	0
"Sorry  I had attached an older version... let's try this one."	-1
My patch wouldn't compile.	-1
Thanks a lot for your excellent work Shazron!	1
"Ignore comment.  "	-1
"I don't know how the hell my diff program decided to add seemingly random CR chars  but I've removed them now."	-1
"Great! Thanks.  Aaron"	1
"Created an attachment (id=17581) Patch for build.xml to add index=""true"" for jar tasks "	0
"Hi Aidan  can you review this change please  thanks."	1
"I agree  that's a good idea."	1
"Thanks  Joe!"	1
"Integrated to trunk.  Thanks for the patch, Rajesh.  Thanks for the review, Ram."	1
"Thanks for your review.  I've just committed."	1
"+1  looks good. Checking this in."	1
"I just committed this patch. Thanks  Richard!"	1
Will still be stuck in the loop though if can't actually close regions.	-1
"Committed to trunk. Thanks  Navis! [~thejas] I will recommend inclusion of this bug fix in 0.12 as well."	1
"This patch just removes the lines of code that send the second NEWLEADER quorum packet. The first packet is sent with: leaderLastZxid = leader.startForwarding(this, updates); a few lines above."	0
"Created an attachment (id=7238) 2nd repro. "	0
Sorry for the noise.	-1
"Committed to trunk.  Thanks  Bharath!  And thanks Cos for helping review."	1
"It looks like we have to rebuild StackMapTable from scratch during method generation.  I've tried BCEL code and it looks like it already have implementation we need but I don't see ways to reuse it for now...  By the way I recommend to increase this issue priority to high or blocker."	0
"Oops  sorry. Certainly right."	-1
"Thanks Pi.  I do not think there is any special tricks besides those with Linux (such as you will need ant, junit, java, svn, etc).  If you want, you can also send me your pig.jar and then I will try it out for you.  Best regards, Xu   org.apache.pig.impl.logicalLayer.parser.QueryParser.Expr(QueryParser.java:373>> )  "	1
Committed.  Thanks Chris!	1
"Have a look at current svn head  i have changed the styling stuff of the component  with this approach it should work now. Just specify the ""style"" attribute and give it a width value.  I also have had a look at how we can influence the default Dojo styling stuff and have updated the wiki on this:  http://wiki.apache.org/myfaces/InputSuggestAjax  Can you test it if it works for you?    "	0
That's indeed odd - I didn't knowingly reformat - must have been a mishap..	0
"Ok cool  this is just a matter of adding strings to the various [NotFound()|https://github.com/apache/mesos/blob/0.15.0-rc4/src/files/files.cpp#L160] returns in files.cpp  There are a number of error cases in the [browse|https://github.com/apache/mesos/blob/0.15.0-rc4/src/files/files.cpp#L204] and [read|https://github.com/apache/mesos/blob/0.15.0-rc4/src/files/files.cpp#L204] endpoints, I'd imagine one could change the javascript to generate bad requests which should be sufficient to test this :)"	1
+1 Looks good.	1
"Committed  thanks for the review  Avery!"	1
"Created an attachment (id=6729) modified SQLTransformer (in full) "	0
"You are going to kill me when I say this  but it seems like we should just commit your first patch."	-1
Fix bad patch	-1
"@Subbu: Glad I was able to help."	1
"Marking as open  since looks like it needs some more work."	0
"Ok thanks !  Closing the issue then."	1
Will be naming this camel-rss rather than camel-rome in case we change to some other rss lib in the future.	0
Thanks Bryan!	1
"Jean-Marc  can you review it? Thanks."	1
Nevermind.  I believe someone has already addressed it in CAMEL-4294.  I have linked the issue here.	0
Sorry for letting you guys wait.	-1
Assigning to Sameeer since apparently he can't assign to himself.	0
"Hi Chris   Thanks for your detailed response.  Thanks,"	1
"Sorry [~kumarr]  let's just do this in 0.96."	-1
Holy crap that worked!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Committed revision 1125305.	0
"Patch adds maybeRefreshBlocking which blocks on refreshLock. It also:  * Renames reopenLock to refreshLock * Shares the refresh logic between maybeRefresh and maybeRefreshBlocking. * Switches to use ReentrantLock instead of Semaphore(1): ** It allows to protectively obtain the lock in doMaybeRefresh (see comment in the code) ** It is better in general because it's equivalent to Semaphore(1), yet protects against an accidental bug where someone changes Semaphore(1) to Semaphore(>1).  I'll add a CHANGES entry after the patch is reviewed and we agree on the approach."	0
"I have committed this.  Thanks  CW!"	1
Committed revision 1475954.	0
"+1 looks good  Thanks, Mayank"	1
"Excellent  thanks a lot!"	1
+1 looks good to me. Trying it out.	1
"You are right. I missed that point. I am +1  Oleg"	1
"bq. Hmmm  infoStream is just for debugging... should we really make it volatile?  I'll remove its volatile...  {quote} bq. IWC cannot be made immutable – you build it up incrementally (new IWC(...).setThis(...).setThat(...)). Its fields cannot be final.  Setters can return modified immutable copy of 'this'. So you get both incremental building and immutability. {quote}  Oh yeah.  But then we'd clone the full IWC on every set... this seems like overkill in the name of ""purity"".  {quote} What about earlier compromise mentioned by Shay, Mark, me? Keep setters for 'live' properties on IW. This clearly draws the line, and you don't have to consult Javadocs for each and every setting to know if you can change it live or not. {quote}  I really don't like that this approach would split IW configuration into two places.  Like you look at the javadocs for IWC and think that you cannot change the RAM buffer size.  IWC should be the one place you go to see which settings you can change about the IW.  That some of these settings take effect ""live"" while others do not is really an orthogonal (and I think, secondary, ie handled fine w/ jdocs) aspect/concern. "	0
"That's what reminded me of ubjson actually. I looked at UBF and it looks rather complicated for a data exchange. I wouldn't say no but I don't have any interest in supporting it.  ubjson shouldn't be anything more than writing a parser (which should be ~trivial) and then adding the logic to switch (de)serializers based on content and accept types. I have no idea what UBF really even is under the hood but it sounded a lot more complicated."	0
"Thanks for the patch Niall  +1"	1
"I just remembered one of the reasons why i didn't do this the last time i looked at it: i don't think FunctionQuery has any good unit tests in the Solr code base -- there might be some tests that use the SOlrTestHarness to trigger function queries  but they aren't really portable."	0
"+1  looks good.  I'll commit once HCATALOG-239 is in."	1
"Sorry  no longer working on this"	-1
"Hi Talat - no  this patch is for the branch_2x branch only."	0
"Hmm  I can't apply 0002-V2 on top of either my 0001 + trunk from feb 5  or current trunk + rebased 0001.  And Eclipse generates the diff in a different order from git commandline  so I can't tell what's changed by eyeballing the diff either.  I've attached rebased-to-current-trunk versions of my 0001-0003, can you attach your fixes as a 0004 on top of those?"	0
+1 the patch looks good.	1
"Hi Jochen   It's not about building successfully (which I have no issue with that as well), it's about resolving the right dependencies of the dependency. Use mvn dependency:tree to see if you really have them all correctly, if you are getting them right too:  mvn dependency:tree -Dxmlrpc.version=3.1.1  (Yeap, apparently I uploaded the pom after testing it against 3.1, not 3.1.1)  yc "	0
Committed to trunk.  Thanks for patch Tudor and review Michael.	1
I don't have resources to hand to test this at mo.	-1
"Sweet! Git  I love git! :)"	1
I've tested them out and everything is fine.	1
"Thanks Rahul!  I will take a look at it this evening.  Aaron"	1
"Thanks  Myrna."	1
"Thank Henri and Don!  I found there are two common-validator.jar in my jboss application server env. One in %JBOSS_HOME%/server/default/lib/ and the other in the lib directory of my web application. Then I delete the latter and it works well.  Thank you so much!"	1
A pleasure :>.	1
"Could you please port it to branch-1 that that we could integrate it to branch-1-win  Slavik, thanks for the review!"	1
"Created an attachment (id=12961) [chain] CatalogFactoryBase "	0
"You are right  its the wrong one (an older attempt)."	0
Thanks for reviewing Suresh. Committed to trunk.	1
"> David Reiss writes: > As I recall, Jonathan was the only person who really seemed to > care about this issue, and he wasn't satisfied with my > suggestion, so I put it aside. Chad also requested some changes > to my diff for the JSON protocol. I'll try to reevaluate the > status some time soon, but I am away from a computer today.  Jonathan - are you still in the loop on this one?  What do you think?  Given the fundamental differences in what a ""string"" is across different languages, there's unlikely to be a clean solution that suits everyone. Having a backwards-compatible compromise that works is much better than having nothing, though. "	0
This is not a major issue	0
Thanks Sandy.	1
"Hi Willem  yes  you're right.. I did not realized that I had a explicit dependency on the wrong version... You can close this ticket. "	0
"looks fine  thank you  George."	1
"Mathias  please close this issue as it is not reproducing any more...  Thanks."	1
Just committed this to trunk and 3.4 branch. Thanks Rakesh!	1
Are we on the good path...	1
"Verified by Oliver. "	0
I just committed this. Thanks Vinod!	1
yes	0
"Fixed for comments  added new patch."	0
"No  I never see the ""Completed rebuilding index"" message. Here's what I see on startup:  INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:41,961 IndexManagerImpl:<init> - search enabled: true INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:41,973 IndexManagerImpl:<init> - index dir: /home/raible/roller_data/search-index INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:42,011 ReferrerQueueManagerImpl:<init> - Instantiating Referrer Queue Manager INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:42,012 ReferrerQueueManagerImpl:<init> - Asynchronous referrer processing = false INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:42,020 ThreadManagerImpl:<init> - Instantiating Thread Manager INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:42,031 WebloggerFactory:bootstrap - Roller Weblogger business tier successfully bootstrapped INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:42,031 WebloggerFactory:bootstrap -    Version: 5.0.0-RC4 INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:42,032 WebloggerFactory:bootstrap -    Revision: r1076253 INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:42,032 WebloggerImpl:initialize - Initializing Roller Weblogger business tier WARN  2011-03-21 09:50:49,462 SharedThemeFromDir:loadThemeFromDisk - Couldn't read theme [Andreas08] preview image file [sm-theme-andreas08.png] INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:49,482 ThemeManagerImpl:initialize - Loaded 7 themes from disk. INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:49,482 ThreadManagerImpl:initialize - Initializing task: ScheduledEntriesTask INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:49,944 ThreadManagerImpl:initialize - Initializing task: ResetHitCountsTask INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:49,993 ThreadManagerImpl:initialize - Initializing task: TurnoverReferersTask INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:50,049 ThreadManagerImpl:initialize - Initializing task: PingQueueTask DEBUG 2011-03-21 09:50:50,077 IndexManagerImpl:initialize - Index inconsistent: new DEBUG 2011-03-21 09:50:50,079 IndexManagerImpl:initialize - Creating index INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:50,122 IndexManagerImpl:initialize - Index was inconsistent. Rebuilding index in the background... DEBUG 2011-03-21 09:50:50,127 IndexManagerImpl:scheduleIndexOperation - Starting scheduled index operation: org.apache.roller.weblogger.business.search.operations.RebuildWebsiteIndexOperation DEBUG 2011-03-21 09:50:50,191 WriteToIndexOperation:run - Starting search index operation DEBUG 2011-03-21 09:50:50,192 RebuildWebsiteIndexOperation:doRun - Reindexining entire site INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:50,275 WebloggerImpl:initialize - Roller Weblogger business tier successfully initialized INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:50,276 RollerContext:initializeSecurityFeatures - Remember Me enabled: true INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:50,278 RollerContext:initializeSecurityFeatures - Password Encryption Algorithm set to 'SHA' INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:50,278 RollerContext:setupVelocity - Initializing Velocity INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,132 RequestMappingFilter:init - Request mapping filter initialized, 1 mappers configured. INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,157 IPBanFilter:init - INIT IPBanFilter INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,158 CompressionFilter:init - Compressed Output ENABLED INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,186 MediaResourceServlet:init - Initializing ResourceServlet INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,220 PageServlet:init - Initializing PageServlet INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,222 WeblogPageCache:<init> - {timeout=3600, enabled=true, size=400, id=cache.weblogpage} INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,229 CacheManager:<clinit> - Cache Manager Initialized. INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,230 CacheManager:<clinit> - Cache Factory = org.apache.roller.weblogger.util.cache.ExpiringLRUCacheFactoryImpl INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,236 SiteWideCache:<init> - {timeout=1800, enabled=true, size=50, id=cache.sitewide} INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,237 PageServlet:init - Referrer processing enabled = true INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,241 FeedServlet:init - Initializing FeedServlet INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,244 WeblogFeedCache:<init> - {timeout=3600, enabled=true, size=200, id=cache.weblogfeed} INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,246 ResourceServlet:init - Initializing ResourceServlet INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,249 SearchServlet:init - Initializing SearchServlet INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,255 CommentServlet:init - Initializing CommentServlet INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,297 CommentValidationManager:<init> - Configured CommentValidator: Blacklist Comment Validator / org.apache.roller.weblogger.ui.rendering.plugins.comments.BlacklistCommentValidator INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,299 CommentValidationManager:<init> - Configured CommentValidator: Excess Links Comment Validator / org.apache.roller.weblogger.ui.rendering.plugins.comments.ExcessLinksCommentValidator INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,301 CommentValidationManager:<init> - Configured CommentValidator: Excess Size Comment Validator / org.apache.roller.weblogger.ui.rendering.plugins.comments.ExcessSizeCommentValidator INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,301 CommentValidationManager:<init> - Configured 3 CommentValidators INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,302 CommentServlet:init - Comment Throttling DISABLED INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,309 PlanetFeedServlet:init - Initializing PlanetRssServlet INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,311 PlanetCache:<init> - Planet cache = {timeout=1800, enabled=true, size=10, id=cache.planet} INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,314 CommentValidationManager:<init> - Configured CommentValidator: Blacklist Comment Validator / org.apache.roller.weblogger.ui.rendering.plugins.comments.BlacklistCommentValidator INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,314 CommentValidationManager:<init> - Configured CommentValidator: Excess Links Comment Validator / org.apache.roller.weblogger.ui.rendering.plugins.comments.ExcessLinksCommentValidator INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,315 CommentValidationManager:<init> - Configured CommentValidator: Excess Size Comment Validator / org.apache.roller.weblogger.ui.rendering.plugins.comments.ExcessSizeCommentValidator INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,315 CommentValidationManager:<init> - Configured 3 CommentValidators INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,318 RSDServlet:init - Initializing RSDServlet INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,320 PreviewResourceServlet:init - Initializing PreviewResourceServlet INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,340 PreviewServlet:init - Initializing PreviewServlet INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,342 PreviewThemeImageServlet:init - Initializing PreviewThemeImageServlet INFO  2011-03-21 09:51:24,197 ContinuousWorkerThread:run - HitCountQueueProcessor Started. INFO  2011-03-21 09:50:56,342 PreviewThemeImageServlet:init - Initializing PreviewThemeImageServlet INFO  2011-03-21 09:51:24,197 ContinuousWorkerThread:run - HitCountQueueProcessor Started. INFO  2011-03-21 09:51:29,473 Blacklist:<clinit> - Initializing MT Blacklist WARN  2011-03-21 09:51:29,478 Blacklist:loadBlacklistFromFile - Couldn't find downloaded blacklist, loaded blacklist.txt from classpath instead INFO  2011-03-21 09:51:29,494 Blacklist:loadBlacklistFromFile - Number of blacklist string rules: 3102 INFO  2011-03-21 09:51:29,495 Blacklist:loadBlacklistFromFile - Number of blacklist regex rules: 15 INFO  2011-03-21 09:51:35,146 RendererManager:<clinit> - Renderer Manager Initialized. INFO  2011-03-21 09:51:35,151 RollerVelocity:<clinit> - Initializing Velocity Rendering Engine DEBUG 2011-03-21 09:51:35,940 IndexManagerImpl:executeIndexOperationNow - Executing index operation now: org.apache.roller.weblogger.business.search.operations.SearchOperation DEBUG 2011-03-21 09:51:36,324 IndexManagerImpl:executeIndexOperationNow - Executing index operation now: org.apache.roller.weblogger.business.search.operations.SearchOperation DEBUG 2011-03-21 09:53:49,889 IndexManagerImpl:executeIndexOperationNow - Executing index operation now: org.apache.roller.weblogger.business.search.operations.SearchOperation DEBUG 2011-03-21 09:53:50,561 IndexManagerImpl:executeIndexOperationNow - Executing index operation now: org.apache.roller.weblogger.business.search.operations.SearchOperation"	0
"Thanks  Tom"	1
Awesome stuff Stephen!	1
"Knut Anders  thanks for the review and the good advice.  The attached patch, rmTestPreparedStatementMethods_v2.diff, should address your comments."	1
"Sorry guys... :( I was the reason for this trouble."	-1
"Thanks for the patch!  http://svn.apache.org/viewvc?view=revision&revision=1361531"	1
"Thanks Dawid.  bq. Yes, this is pretty much the top-n nodes reordering that I did, albeit without any optimization of how many n to take (the hardcoded magic constants should probably be justified somehow? Or replaced by a default in FST somewhere?).  bq. Deciding how many nodes to reorder is I think hard – I failed to provide any sensible fast heuristic for that and I simply do a simulated annealing to find a local optimum.  Yeah the algo is simplistic now... and it does force caller to pick the params (though minInCountDeref=3 and maxDerefNodes=Inf are probably pretty good)... we can and should make it more sophisticated over time.  We have at least one spare bit to still use in the arc flags :)  bq. One thing I was wondering is why you decided to integrate the packer with the fst – wouldn't it be cleaner to separate packing from construction? Granted, this requires a double pass over the fst nodes and more intermediate memory but it wouldn't add any more complexity to the builder which is already, ehm, a bit complex . You can compare this design in Morfologik:  Well... it's tricky.  First, I decided to change node targets to ords so that pack could use an array to (relatively!) efficiently hold node data, eg inCount, newAddress, etc.  That required making the first pass FST ""modal"" (deref'd or not).  If we didn't do this then the packer would have to use even less RAM efficient data structures (eg Map<Int,X>) I think?  Second, the format written by the packer is tightly coupled with the FST reading, ie there are sizable differences when reading packed vs unpacked FST.  But I agree it'd be cleaner if we could move packing out (eg Util.pack), and more strongly decouple packing from FST format...  One thing I'd really like to somehow do is create different classes for FST writing vs reading, and different classes for each format.  We now have write-ord, write-non-ord, read-packed, read-unpacked (and even the two readers have 3 different modes depending on INPUT_TYPE).  "	1
That sounds like a plan. I love peer-reviews... :-)	1
Committed in revision 1363218.	0
"Sorry  https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=514760 is related but not same."	-1
"Attached patch for review...  Christian could you see if this works for you? Thanks!"	1
"this looks good  but a bunch of tests are now broken because of the new hidden input  I will fix the tests  do some more testing and commit in the next few days. thanks for the patch!"	1
"committed as 1307725. thanks for Ivan's improvement  thanks Flavio for reviewing."	1
The responder seemed to be a bottleneck.	-1
{quote}You are messing down deep below hbase in dfs.	-1
"No idea about the issue resolution/if it's still active  but I'm afraid that by no stretch of the imagination can it be termed a ""Critical"" issue."	-1
"Hi   I just made some more (long running) tests, and found some problems in the patch I submitted. The mechanism is working, but it shrinks the caches too quickly, and it prints too much log output (log.info instead of log.debug). I will fix those problems and submit a new patch. Sorry.  Thomas"	-1
Sorry about the report.	-1
"Thanks  Andreas  I will check it "	1
Junit patch committed Revision: 634284 - Thanks John.	1
Version 2.2.0RC3 is fine.	1
Bug in existing testDelegationTokenRestoredOnRMrestart().	-1
"I'm moving this to 0.6  as I really can't stand to release with this. If this becomes too long, we can move it again to 0.7."	0
"Oops  had a bad comparator in the TestCLI config."	-1
"Looks pretty cool. Fresh and minimalist. Love it :-) Good work."	1
Am I doing something stupid here?	-1
"new patch looks good to me  +1"	1
Thank you!	1
Thanks henry and pat... we'll have to re submit all the PA's so trigger hudson.	1
"I just committed this.  Thanks  Jordà!"	1
Thanks for your work on this Allen!	1
"Wow  that was some bad copy/paste work."	-1
"Looks good to me.  Mike"	1
Cheers!	1
"Thanks for the new patch  Kristian! The changes look good to me. +1 to commit.  A tiny nit in StatementPoolingTest; the code below could be expressed with an assertEquals now that there's only one condition:  if (!simpleName.equals(expectedName)) { -            if (!simpleName.equals(expectedName + ""40"")) { -                fail(""Expected class name "" + expectedName + "" or "" + -                        expectedName + ""40, got "" + simpleName); -            } +            fail(""Expected class name "" + expectedName + "", got "" + +                    simpleName); }"	1
I didn't have time to work on this yet ...	-1
"Committed  thanks Jiayan!"	1
"If you know of a way  please describe it."	-1
"The patch looks good  just applied on the 1.1 branch and trunk. Thanks a lot  keep them coming! :)"	1
"Further optimized caching in KernelNodeStore a bit in revision: 1450145  The test now just runs for a very long time (with -Xmx128m) and didn't run out of memory so far on my machine. Though, it is still working on 51200 child nodes after it reported '25600 nodes in 1440293 ms'."	0
"Sorry  I use JDK 1.4.2_06 and not 1.4.1 :)"	-1
"There is a bug in PayloadNearQuery. If there are multiple top level spans that match the query  only the payloads of the first one are retrieved. This patch fixes this bug by iterating over all the top level spans to get the payloads (see 'setFreqCurrentDoc')  > The base explain method can't be abstract. Something like Ah, right. This is included in the patch  >The changes don't seem thread safe any more since there are now member variables. It may still be all right, but have you looked at this aspect?  I guess that could be said about PayloadTermSpanScorer and PayloadNearSpanScorer, too (payloadScore, payloadsSeen). As for the PayloadFunction classes, they seem lightweight enough to be created with each query. Is there a better pattern?  Peter   "	0
"Actually i made a simple test on 2 small linkdb  and i didn't see any improvment. You're right. There is no need to add it."	0
Thanks Suresh.	1
"durrrh  that sucks."	-1
once per every bad disk).	-1
I am new to Mina and the whole environment.	-1
"Juhani..my bad  i was mistaken."	-1
"Sorry guys  I've been pretty busy @ work but I have been watching this."	-1
How on earth is it buggy?	-1
Closing all resolved tickets from 2010 or older	0
"Closing as a duplicate of DERBY-3061  which is fixed in Derby 10.3.2.1."	0
"Hi Tommaso   bq. However I think it should be good if it was possible to alternatively get rid of the uimaConfig file defining each parameter inside the Processor with Solr elements (str/lst/int etc.) as well.  I've done this in the attached patch. Please review it. I'm not confident about the part:  {code} <lst name=""fieldMappings""> <lst name=""mapping""> <str name=""type"">org.apache.uima.SentenceAnnotation</str> <str name=""feature"">coveredText</str> <str name=""field"">sentence</str> </lst> </lst> {code}  the structure is appropriate or not."	0
"Igor is an idiot  and we *do* need gmake."	-1
Attached image showing blip padding in the Google Wave client.	0
This whole thing is very distressing to me.	-1
Patch applied!  Thanks.	1
yup sorry just fixed.	-1
"This is something that some people have asked for since my CNET days...  I thought there was already an open issue for this  but I can't seem to find it (so I guess not!)"	0
Thanks Suresh	1
"Forgot about these  sorry."	-1
Will review by EOD today. Thanks for the tip.	1
You are messing down deep below hbase in dfs.	-1
"Committed to trunk and branch-22. Thanks  Ari!"	1
"It is OK  thanks Stepan."	1
"Thanks  Rick!"	1
great. awesome job sergey!	1
"This is default for staging in hadoop 1  <property> <name>mapreduce.jobtracker.staging.root.dir</name> <value>${hadoop.tmp.dir}/mapred/staging</value> <description>The root of the staging area for users' job files In practice, this should be the directory where users' home directories are located (usually /user) </description> </property> "	0
"Hi ShengTao  you would think if you follow:  1. Check if the service is there, add if it is not. 2. Then add a bindingTemplate.  Then you would not be overwriting a bindingTemplates. You are right though, if you are saving a service it will overwrite the existing one, and it will remove any bindingTemplates if they are there. The current behavior is how the UDDI v3 spec tells us to so it, but we could add a config option to differentiate from the spec.  Please let me know if you are following the above strategy and *still* seeing issues.  --Kurt  "	0
"Thanks  Jing!"	1
Sounds like a good idea.	1
Please find the attached screenshot for reference	0
"Created an attachment (id=3493) Patch to validator-rules.xml for bug "	0
"And  Could you please explain detail?"	0
Tabs are evil.	-1
This is a java problem.	0
"Patch looks mostly good to me.  One comment: I think the name ""moveAndDeleteLocalFiles"" isn't quite descriptive enough. Perhaps ""asyncDeletePathOnEachVolume"" or something? The fact that the path is relative to *all* volumes and will be deleted on each of them is the key part I didn't understand at the first pass through the JIRA.  I agree with Vinod that it would be nice to share code with CleanupQueue, but would be fine seeing it in another JIRA."	1
"So I also changed a test to test a non-ascii stopword :) "	-1
"For some reason  I couldn't upload the straight patch."	-1
"Nadya  Thanks a lot for applying the patch. The changes are on the site. Everything looks the way it should. IMHO, we should close the issue now.  P.S. forgot to mention other changes. Sorry. Will be more attentive in future. "	1
"+1 I just committed this to branch 0.22.1. Thank you Benoy."	1
"The patch looks good now  and the tests are all running fine now. +1.  Let's wait for Hudson.."	1
Would you please try the patch? Thanks very much!	1
Ok here is a patch that works. I was stupid enough not to see it...	-1
Forgot to add that I also tried this with and without HBASE-5864	-1
Many thanks for your help.	1
Jonathan: over to you :)	1
I'm glad we were able to resolve this issue.	1
"Applied to trunk revision 987457.  Thanks Bob."	1
"Yes  the patch is badly named - sorry!"	-1
commit the patch to trunk. thanks sameera.	1
Weird.	-1
It's OK.	1
It's great to see you've gotten the ball rolling Chris.	1
"I have committed this.  Thanks  Rodrigo!"	1
"I lost the whole morning cause HBase's RegionServer was dying with no logs  no nothing... how Am I supposed to debug the issue if u do not even generate a core dump?"	-1
"Sorry typo:  ""our part"" in place of  ""one part"" above."	-1
"Uwe: I don't interpret it that way!  I don't think our indexinputs should be doing writes!"	0
* release of the framework.	-1
thanks tom....let me see if I can come up with a test case for the LineReader reset. I did forget adding a test case for that.  I probably file that as part of this patch.	1
"I tested a couple of projects with IDEA 7 and 8 and some more with IDEA 7  and everything is working."	1
+11 Group (including QA) agrees this is not something for 17.	0
"Nathan   I have not been able to get the time to run the other tests.  However, I did try changing the timeoutwait.  I set it to 10000 as suggested.  The test failed as it did before.  I then decided to change it to an unrealistic number 60000.  The program died as it did before.  Whats interesting with this test is that it did not even run for a minute.  As such I dont think changing this value had any impact on the problem."	0
The problems I was talking about are mostly fixed by [HADOOP-3575] and [HADOOP-3480].	-1
"I just committed this to trunk and branch 0.20  as they are test cases and no change to functionality. Thanks  Vinod !"	1
"Hi Erwan   If you don't mind I have re-assigned to you, as you assigned yourself the umbrella task"	0
It looks good to me too.	1
Thanks Daryn I put this into trunk and branch-2	1
this patch adds rule for hm and rs to the core-site template	0
"Working: - Bash on Linux  Not Working: - Bash on Solaris - CSH on Solaris - KSH on AIX - Bash on AIX  So, you're right. I close this bug as ""work as designed"".  Sorry for the noise :)"	-1
attached a fix	0
Thanks! :-)	1
"Aaarrggh  how stupid of mine  to have a System.out  again!"	-1
Hey very cool.	1
"HI Ronald   The fix I put in on the 30th caused pages to stop drawing in the RC1.  I have reverted part of the fix for this bug to get 657 resolved. Could you please take a look at the comments for 657 and test out the head of the 1.1.1 branch to make sure that this version works for your case."	0
"Sounds weird to me... Could you package a (totally!)"	-1
"Todd  I briefly looked at the patch. It looks like you are trying to get rid of the Journal Spool in BN. Correct me if I am wrong. I don't think you can. BN makes a checkpoint from its memory state  which differs it from SNN and CN. While it does it  the namespace should be locked (for modifications)  so the edits go into journal spool  which is reapplied to memory after the checkpoint is finished. Please see the design doc in HADOOP-4539."	0
"Thanks Anton.  Fix applied to ACCESSIBILITY module at repo revision r598652.  Please check it is fixed as you expected. "	1
"By default  the auth prompt is suppressed making this a rare issue  closing."	0
Thank you Ravi.	1
"I think my first preference  would be to make this only a java 7 and up feature. The change is very clear and we can use our normal testing methods.  Meanwhile users can set their umask appropriately.  My second preference would be only  to only change permissions by default  with java 7 and higher. I think we really need to have tests for the default configuration and non-portable tests might have to be customized to different environments, which seems like a lot of effort for something that won't be used moving forward.  I am sorry I didn't chime in earlier.  Time has been quite tight recently. "	-1
"Thanks Chandan Khandelwal  "	1
That is useful advice (call me biased if you'd like).	1
Thanks for providing the patch.	1
"Just curious  how did you solve the split packages issues and invalid symbolic names with some Lucene modules? I can't see it in the parent pom."	0
"bq. I did hit the error while I did that but I will verify again.  Ugh.  If that's the case then maybe catch the OOM in the read, and fallback to the temp buffer read solution?"	0
Thanks for the review Andrew!	1
Closing all resolved tickets from 2010 or older	0
"No  this was on 3.3.3 (sorry  I should have mentioned that before).  That's great to know  thanks!"	1
"Committed to trunk. Thanks  Gunther!"	1
Incomplete example.	-1
+1!  Thanks!  I also ran with mvn clean install and it looks good.	1
"siying  can you rebase this patch? thanks!"	1
"In fact  if you happen to know why ObserverHammerQuorumTest is failing with this latest patch  I'd love to hear."	1
It was attached to the wrong bug.	-1
Patch applied to trunk/ . Thank you!	1
Thanks Zheng!	1
I really don't know how to solve this problem.	-1
Sorry about the trouble.	-1
My bad.	-1
" We should not invoke the global synced fieldnumbers shit for every element  only when the setting actually changes"	-1
Thanks!	1
"Thanks Tim  Patch was applied as expected!"	1
newPost now sets publishEntry to true.	0
Committed. Thanks Stephen.	1
"the code has been checked in. Thanks to Gordon for that. "	1
"Fixed  thanks for the suggestion:  http://svn.apache.org/viewvc?view=rev&revision=498105"	1
Duplicate of INFRA-4886	0
"Hi DIGY   I like to know a bit more about this patch:  1) what test case is it fixing? 2) how did you determine the race condition?  The changes to the ThreadClass is considerable and I'm trying to understand why this wasn't a problem in earlier versions.  Thanks.  -- George "	1
patch _1 to fit changes from FLUME-1005	0
"I think what happens is all bugs are initially internal to Oracle and they need to be ""opened up"" to the public. I presume this is so that critical bug reports don't immediately become available for exploits... but I'm just guessing."	0
but both IDEA 7 and IDEA 8 seem to handle them just fine.	1
In current version the same error cause different messages because there are many commiters.	-1
You misunderstood the response: StopFilter indeed did not change.	-1
"Thanks  Jeff!"	1
"Hi. Yes  perhaps I got a bit trigger happy. Although I did get a +1 from another committer and I assumed that the ""submit patch to hudson"" wouldn't be able to pick up on the renaming of the test using patch.sh and would fail. Perhaps there is a better way to do this which I am not aware of?  Glad to get feedback though, need to properly get the hang of the process"	0
Committed revision 1128830 to trunk. I will now backport to 3x.	0
I logged a new ticket HADOOP-9280 as this is critical problem for people trying to upgrade from 0.2 to 1.x	0
"I had almost the same interface for the command-line option in mind  but sticking to the previous formats for specifying the id:  ./wmgr-client --url http://localhost:9001 --operation --getWorkflowInstMet --id <workflowInstId>  And in return, display the values in the format as you suggested above.  "	0
What I'm committing... wraps a very long line else what Matteo suppied.	0
It works fine now!	1
Why on earth does createLink() need a request?	-1
"This actually depends on HDFS-3863  so not committing until that one is in."	0
"Hi   Thanks! Too be honest, I haven't looked at noop much. It was just used in the original patch. I'look at your updated patch and see what more work needs to be done. "	1
"Thanks  Mayank"	1
"I just committed this. Thanks  Tom!"	1
I disagree... and I guess I'm willing to go to bat for this.	-1
"Sorry for my poor review  didn't notice try/catch :("	-1
Verified by Andrew.	0
"Committed optimization in trunk revision: 1037077 "	0
"Yes  I'm continuing along the path Chris started with his first patch  mine is coming soon.  Nikola"	0
"Seems to be failing for a different reason now  testContainerLaunch(org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestLinuxContainerExecutorWithMocks)  Time elapsed: 0.523 sec  <<< FAILURE!"	-1
Would anybody now if this is fixed in a later release?	0
"I changed my mind and resolved DIRMINA-82  and therefore we don't need to fix this issue anymore."	0
I just committed this. Thanks Patrick!	1
"+1  the latest patch looks good to me."	1
same path as ZOOKEEPER-794_4.patch.txt but strip the path prefix added by Git.	0
Patch attached.	0
"This appears in MS-Windows environment too.  The following monkey-patch resolves the problem:  DIV.datePicker td .topLabel { color: WindowText; }  ------------------ patch datepicker.css -------------- (sorry still don't know how to official patches) .datePicker td .topLabel { - color: CaptionText; + color: WindowText; display: block; font-weight: bold !important; width: 100%; text-decoration: none; } "	0
"Committed r1185532  thanks Flavio. "	1
"Damn  Chuck is scary."	-1
"i kinda like the black acctually .. but that may largely be due to my prefering the ""fire"" solr logo over the futuristic magnifying glass (the red/orange contrasts nicely with the black/grey.  to my mind, the ""Solr"" ""Sun"" connection has allways been really cool ... "	1
"Hi Suresh   I think this task is also related to AMBER-63 since both, OAuth 2 and Open Id Connect use JSON Web Token (JWT).  "	0
"this patch is for /branches/2.0.2/plugins/org.apache.geronimo.st.v11.ui/src/org/apache/geronimo/st/v11/ui/sections/CommonGeneralSection.java thanks."	0
"I am not really sure what does the receive payment do before the shipment  it doesn't sound as if it is doing what we expect it to do."	-1
Sorry for the noise.	-1
Fixed in SVN.  Will let Vincenzo close it if he is satisfied.	0
"Keep in mind this is to support ""development"" scenarios  only.  If a project in an IDE references jars in lets say a maven repo.  We need the ability to add individual entries to the shard lib  without having to copy each individual jar over to the shared library.    So the answer to your first question is no  this is not the same  there is no way to add invidivial entries.  I don't quite understand your second bullet.  Third bullet, true, just thought it would be nice to have an empty template.  Yes, agree a test case should be added.    "	0
"Grumble  grumble..."	-1
"What the hell  I'll give this a shot."	-1
"I checked this into trunk  branch-2  branch-2.1.0-alpha  and branch-0.23.  Thanks Daryn for a quick fix to this."	1
"committed  thanks!"	1
Yes exactly -- sorry to be so unclear. Just really wondering/hoping you'd be interested in working on these ?? I'd like to get them cleaned up because there are now so many that other more important and/or meaningful warnings are likely to be ignored.	-1
change status from ASSIGNED to NEW for consistency	0
Where on earth are you anyway?	-1
"Looks good  thanks Laura!"	1
"See HADOOP-7853 Andy needs a little more time in deciding whether HADOOP-7853 is good enough replacement for 7070."	0
InstanceDescription can be extended with HandlerDescription without pain. Only problem is a contribution to ComponentTypeDescription by custom handlers. Simple slot for custom handlers to keep their information in displayable format would be sufficient.	0
"Well  that sucks."	-1
sorry for the delay	-1
"Some thoughts I had about this:  Overall, I think it's a good idea.  Seems like it's not crazy to add and would have multiple benefits.  Logical striping across the L1 boundary is a simple solution to both proactively handle splits and reduce compaction times.  Thoughts on this feature 1. Fixed configs : in the same way that we got a lot of stability by limiting the regions/server to a fixed number, we might want to similarly limit the number of stripes per region to 10 (or X) instead of ""every Y bytes"".  This will help us understand the benefit we get from striping and it's easy to double the striping and chart the difference. 2. NameNode pressure :  Obviously, a 10x striping factor will cause 10x scaling of the FS.  Can we offset this by increasing the HDFS block size, since addBlock dominates at scale?  Really, unlike Hadoop, you have all of the HFile or none of it.  Missing a portion of the HFile currently invalidates the whole file.  You really need 1 HDFS block == 1 HFile.  However, we could probably just toy with increasing it by the striping factor right now and seeing if that balances things. 3. Open Times : I think this will be an issue, specifically on server start.  Need to be careful here. 4. Major compaction : you can perform a major compaction (remove deletes) as long as you have [i,end) contiguous.  I don't think you'd need to involve L0 files in an MC at all.  Save the complexity.  Furthermore, part of the reason why we created the tiered compaction is to prevent small/new files from participating in MC because of cache thrashing, poor minor compactions, and a handful of other reasons.  So, some thoughts on related pain points we seem to have that tie into this feature: 1. Reduce Cache thrashing : region moves kill us a lot of time because we have a cold cache.  There is a worry that more aggressive compactions mean more thrashing.  I think it will actual even this out better since right now a MC causes a lot of churn.  Just should be thinking about this if perf after the feature isn't what we desire. 2. Unnecessary IOPS : outside of this algorithm, we should just completely get rid of the requirement to compact after a split.  We have the block cache, so given a [start,end) in the file, we can easily tell our mid point for future splits.  There's little reason to aggressively churn in this way after splitting. 3. Poor locality : for grid topology setups, we should eventually make the striping algorithm a little more intelligent about picking our replicas.  If all stripes go to the same secondary & tertiary node, then splits have a very restricted set of servers to chose for datanode locality. "	1
+1.  Looks good to me.	1
"Thanks Harsh  good to know."	1
"Committed to trunk. Thanks  Sergey!"	1
"What's the status of this issue? Is it still alive? The latest comments seem to indicate it was a DNS misconfiguration problem. Stack  could that have been the cause of your experience with the issue?"	0
"I can confirm this is not happening on Ubuntu 12.04 with OpenJDK 1.6.0_24. Did anyone get a chance to look at this apparently Mac-specific issue?"	0
"There have been changes to the method updateCurrentIterator() between these versions that we need, so we can't just reverse the change. I'd love to fix any bug that can be identified cleanly. For now though I'm placing this in NEEDINFO awaiting a test case."	0
"This looks good to me as a first step - tested with both config and schema errors.  Would be nice if single core with the solr.xml also worked, but no biggie - we can fix with the rest of multi-core.  bq.  Note for no good reason what so ever,  Well, I think it was supposed to work (even though the whole idea is kind of broken anway), cause it attempted to, so reason is prob a bug ..."	0
Patch looks good to me. Reuploading patch with one corrected code-comment.	1
I cannot reproduce this bug on my test machine. Can you produce it reliably? Maybe we should revert HBASE-3899 until the time we can fix it?	0
"Re: patch  looks fine. I'd include <optional> too  on geronimo/ant deps  as per project.xml"	1
"I was in too much of a hurry  sorry hold on a sec."	-1
"Taking it over  Thanks, Mayank"	1
Looks quite perfect after solving PDFBOX-490.	1
Weird.	-1
Thanks once again.	1
Thanks Bob your patch is in trunk at r932317	1
0.14.3 is built with Java 1.5.	0
Committed derby-716-10-datatypesCollation-aa.diff at subversion revision 585710.	0
Can the ExtractionRequestHandler go away?	0
Patches are welcome!	1
An output connector should also have a say in what URLs it will accept.	-1
I really don't care.	-1
Pull it back in if you think different.	-1
Thank you Thejas for the patch and Ivan for the review.	1
added in rev 546223.  Thanks Will!	1
Thanks Christian.	1
any chance to get a patch also for this? :)	1
Sucks to rush a commit when an issue is under discussion.	-1
A stupid bug in a patch that is already applied.	-1
thanks for the patch Michael Van Geertruy :)	1
"My oops  then. I hadn't defined it  I was assuming that it would be handled like the other special characters... ...sorry for the trouble.  "	-1
"who the fuck is asking for scores  but not the max score  and why does their insanely specialized use case justify all these booleans on a central lucene class. "	-1
"+1 thanks  committed to cassandra-2.0 as commit 3a7093356ca032d9ce8767b2c47980aebe4bce60"	1
"Ah  sorry I misunderstood you."	-1
I'm +1 on this patch for trunk and 0.95 after looking at latest version -- thanks for addressing the review -- and given you fellas are running it.  Let me retry hadoopqa to see if the above fails are just sporadic.	1
reopened for fixVersion	0
Thank you Jing.	1
Too bad we can't use position:fixed in IE6.	-1
"Gabe  yes, this (<param name=""blocked"">p1,p2</param> ) would be the way I would expect it to work but perhaps we can add OGNL expression evaluation as well. This could be usefull in other cases as stated in XW-340.  What do you think?"	0
"Uwe  can't you use ExtendedFieldCache.getLongs  passing in your own LongParser?"	0
Duplicate of HADOOP-3000.	0
canceling patch to get submit for hudson again.	0
Thanks Stepan.	1
Attachment FOP_BUG_page-number-citation.fo has been added with description: FO to reproduce bug.	0
"This issue was ruled a Flash Player issue all the way back in 2009 (by Adobe). It is not an Apache Flex bug  so we can't fix it."	0
+1 Looks good to me.	1
Thats sweet that you have the prior experience hacking this on top of a store already.	1
"Now  the following tag:  <html:javascript dynamicJavascript=""false"" staticJavascript=""true"" />  Always adds  <script .....>  ... </script>.  I thought that staticJavascript purpose was to allow things like:  <script src=""<html:rewrite page='/staticJs.jsp' />"" type=""text/javascript""></script>  And create a jsp with something like:  <%@ page language=""java"" contentType=""text/javascript"" %> <%@ taglib uri=""struts-html"" prefix=""html"" %> <html:javascript dynamicJavascript=""false"" staticJavascript=""true"" />  And take profit of browsers cache.  No this is broken. As a workaround  <jsp:include page=""/staticJs.jsp"" flush=""true"" />  can be used, but this hasn't any benefint over generating both static and dynamic javascript in the same tag (except form multiple forms per page)   If this is the intended behaviour I'm sorry for reopenning the bug.  "	0
"Fixed.  3.x didn't have any problems; just test-only changes backported."	0
"However  I figured it was better to get it in the public domain sooner and let the iterative process do it's work."	-1
"Hi Edward  Thanks for spotting it."	1
committed to trunk. Thanks [~elserj]!	1
"Sorry  for all the issue mails  I forgot to mention the second:  2) There is commented source in the test, should it be enabled or removed?"	-1
"Marco  BTW I have only helped Santosh Malviya for OFBIZ-1468 where ever he needs and reviewed his work. After that Its only his effort to convert java to minilang + testing the patch. So majority of credit goes to Santosh Malviya :)"	1
"Hi Bianco  First of all, could you add a apache licence to the file VectorHighlightMapper.cs?  Your work is very good and pass all tests, but it is not like just a simple bug fix and there is a divergence from FVH java. This makes life hard while making new versions' ports.  All Lucene.Net community! Any idea about what  we should do?  DIGY  "	0
in addition to that DataContext.newObject() shouldn't throw on classes that are not DataObjects.	0
"critical typo above... should have written:  These *idempotent* calls serve to find the correct active NN, and then the following non-idempotent ones succeed"	0
Thanks for taking a look Bikas and Devaraj. Committing this.	1
This bug is a duplicate of HIVE-3253.	0
"Thanks René   Your patch is in trunk at r1061167, R10.04 at r1061173, R9.04 at r1061174 "	1
Thanks for your patience.	1
I like this title.	1
Sorry about that.	-1
Thanks Hari!	1
"Sorry  grabbed the wrong ticket."	-1
Committed! Thanks Namit!	1
I found the (sad) attempt at a script you asked about and uploaded it to MAPREDUCE-4282.	-1
Thanks Ivan.	1
Logger on top of Log4J and its abstract base class for supporting other frameworks.	-1
Thanks Karthik.	1
"Sorry  I kind of forget about this one."	-1
"Thanks for your patience. "	1
"+1 This looks good to me. "	1
"Hi Josh   I'm sorry I didn't check all the path that could effect the http method url. After went through the code and I found a way to verify my change and find a minor issue of http component.  I will commit a better patch shortly.  Willem"	-1
Committed. Thanks!	1
"Patches from Phani and Vamsi that need to be applied to ActiveMQ. I verified the patches work with ActiveMQ 3.2.2 and the latest Geronimo branches/1.0 code form late Feb."	0
Gav...(Hoping I'm not teaching you how to suck eggs :) )	-1
I will be the sponsor for your beer the next time we meet.	1
My bad.	-1
Sorry for the trouble Vikram!	-1
commits@mina created.	0
"The state stuck at ""Allocated state""  It is a dup of 3788."	-1
Thanks.	1
"@idiot Yeah  I was on that idiot-path for a good while but commons-lang is a hairball  at least where this hashcode making and equals is concerned."	-1
Sounds good.	1
"Olaf   Please also consider submitting a test case for this issue. This will increase the chances of the patch getting committed sooner rather then later  Oleg"	0
"Yep  my bad."	-1
"I haven't spent enough time thinking about this but I think it is more than just fixing the error message string. It seems that the comparable method in DTD should return int rather than boolean and the return int value will decide if we should throw what we are throwing today (ie something like ERROR 42818: Comparisons between 'VARCHAR' and 'CHAR' are not supported. ) or throw a new message because collations don't match. This is just my initial thought  haven't spend enough time to think about a solution "	0
This patch solved this issue in a test case.	0
Please re-open if necessary.	0
"Hi Neil  Thanks for the advice ...  > On the other hand, if you can design a handler that knows how to > make appropriate calls to the scanner's sendChars() method so that > the buffer gets flushed when a maximum buffer size is reached, then > perhaps a pluggable handler wouldn't be necessary since the default > behaviour would always work when an application has chosen to set > this limit.  The code I have, as written, does have the pluggable handler notion, since I didn't want to arbitrarily couple the XMLBuffer class implementation (or worse, it's interface) to the scanner. I didn't go so overboard as to allow multiple registered handlers, or anything like that; this seemed simple enough without being a hack.  > I'd also observe that XMLBuffer has to check to use the > infelicitously named ""insureCapacity()"" method to make sure it's > large enough  Yes, this is where I implemented the full-handler invocation. It's more or less as you describe. Once I get everything cleaned up, I'll post the patch here; you'll probably find it to be entirely unsurprising.  I think what I'll end up doing to allow user-configurable buffer size limit will be to add a setter method on Parser and AbstractDOMParser, something like setInputBufferSize(). I think that would be most consistent with the existing API. Sound ok?"	1
"hmm  looks like I didn't save all java files after mass-replace of whitespace. I will attach another patch  nothing of significance will change"	0
"Ah  too bad."	-1
Duplicate of AXIS2-897	0
"Hi  very cool!"	1
"Credit  of course  goes to Dick."	-1
"great  thanks Joel."	1
"I just committed this.  Thanks  Jim!"	1
This sucks badly.	-1
cool man it looks good. we need a changes entry but from my side this looks good. we can tackle the todos on trunk	1
I love this.	1
"Ahhh  sorry  didn't realise that set -e took care of it for you.  I will have to go back and work out why it's failing but not triggering my CI system.  As such, you can close this. "	0
TestBlockTokenWithDFS fails for the same reason.	0
One of the error is that hiddenActivations cannot be resolved.	-1
"Hi Vincent   Thanks very much for taking the time to look closely at my patch.  (In reply to comment #26) > (In reply to comment #24) > > (In reply to comment #23) > > > Adrian, thanks for doing this! I've looked at the patch and have a few comments > > > myself: > > > - I'd suggest to rename ""strict-configuration"" to ""validate-configuration"" (just > > > a personal preference). > > > > The configuration will still be validated regardless of the setting of this > > variable.  Its just how the error is handled that makes the difference.  If > > ""strict-configuration"" is true then FOP will immediately throw an exception and > > processing will terminate.  If ""strict-configuration"" is set to false then FOP > > will log the error and attempt to continue parsing the configuration (if > > possible/meaningful). > > > > > - the name of the variable ""strictFO"" in FopFactory.configure(Configuration) > > > seems wrong. There's nothing ""FO"" specific there. Furthermore, some ""if > > > (strictFO)"" should actually be ""if (strictConfig)"", right? > > > > I think you may have been looking at an older patch.  The variable > > ""strictValidation"" is as before and the new variable is called > > ""strictUserConfigValidation"". > > No, Jeremias is right actually. There are 'if (strictFO)' statements to test if > an exception has to be thrown. That should be 'if > (validateUserConfigStrictly())'. I should have better looked.  Darn it..  I didn't think Jeremias was refering to the configure method.  I missed this, thanks.  > Also, in the new code a HyphenationTreeResolver is no longer created and > assigned to the hyphResolver field. That should inevitably lead to > a NullPointerException later, however the hyphenation junit tests pass. Strange. > Are you sure of what you're doing?  Thanks for checking this, I made a mistake refactoring here :-(.  > One other thing: when getting the default-page-settings parameter it's not > necessary to test if pageConfig is null; it will never be. See the javadoc of > getChild.  I've read the javadoc and have simplified/removed this unnecessary check now.  > > > > > Adrian, would you please install the CheckStyle plug-in in your IDE? There are a > > > few nits about the Java style in your patch. Checkstyle will help you find them. > > Something checkstyle doesn't seem to be catching: we usually don't put spaces > inside brackets: if (test) instead of if ( test ).  Yes I have noticed this recently and believe all the code I've added adheres to this now.  > > > > > > Get well quickly, Adrian! > > > > After a weekend in bed am feeling much better today thanks.  I had installed > > checksytle but not enabled it! ;-(  I will recreate the patch this morning. > > Hope you feel better now! > > Sorry, I'll ask you to create yet another patch, but that should really be the > last one!  Its ok, I am learning all the bumps for fop patch submissions - hopefully should be smoother for you guys next time :-).  Kind regards,  Adrian."	1
"Oh fuck :-) Sorry. Not my day  more beer needed!"	-1
Pull it back in if you think different.	-1
"Otis  You need to grab the 'zipped' version aka solr-215.patch.zip (since June 23). I was trying to be space & bandwidth friendly... Sorry I did not make it more obvious in some previous comments. Henri"	-1
I really appreciate your comments and I really enjoy our discussions:)	1
"@Andy Thanks for pointing it out.  We did  not take the latest patch by mistake and thought this change was missing.  Sorry about that. But still i think this JIRA we can use to solve {code} org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport.testSimpleCase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport.testWithDeletes {code} that has been failing in HBase-Trunk on hadoop 2.0.0 failing from build #45.  We are also facing some problems with these 2 testcases."	0
"ok it works fine thank you."	1
I just committed this. Thank you Lohit.	1
"patch committed. Thanks  pradeep!"	1
"> If it's windows and it's a local filesystem URI  do the os-specific subbing.  You can't always tell whether it's a local filesystem URI.  Lots of relative paths are constructed that do not contain a scheme."	0
Thank you Brandon.	1
John it would be great!	1
"{quote} I don't think it makes sense to argue about who the exception messages are for [...] {quote}  I think the opposite, because it has an impact on the library design. Not that CM cannot go on with the current way; but my point is that Luc and you are focusing on top-level users while stressing that CM in a low-level component. To me, that is a blatant contradiction that produces drawbacks which I presented in several usage examples (which you didn't address), while you always reply with a single use case where the user is yourself (i.e. a CM developer). Anyone else who is using a high-level application based on CM will be baffled by the ""detailed exception message"" because, in all but the most trivial case, his actions will have only a remote connection to the exception triggered by CM. I'm pinpointing at a minute detail of the design of CM, explaining that it can come in the way of some direct users of CM. The current long list of errors is in fact imposing your view (of what is important) to future application developers. [As an example, let's say that someone wants to create a GUI (e.g. for the statistician referred to above), he will want to define his own detailed error messages to be displayed in the GUI with a formatting of his choice. The statistician will never see the messages created by CM.] If a CM exception (resulting from a precondition violation) reaches the end-user level, it means there was some unanticipated problem in the call chain. And to correct it, one would need more than just the ""detailed message"": the end-user will pass the stack trace to the application developer, who will correct a possible bug in his code (such as a missing check of a precondition) or pass it on the the CM developers. "	0
I've gotten to the bottom of this - patch attached.	0
"Failed test is covered by HBASE-5992.  Integrated to trunk.  Thanks for the patch, Matteo.  Thanks for the review, Andy."	1
Missed 2 new files - sorry !	-1
I like Richards update as well :) What I did was out of pure anger so it may not have been the sexiest.	1
"Sigh  I don't like this overall if can't reuse everywhere."	-1
"Thanks a lot for the reviews  Todd."	1
"Django is a fullstack framework  Click is not."	-1
"Thanks Amit & Vivek - Committed at r907620.  -- Ashish"	1
Committed. Thanks Yusaku!	1
"[~mikelid] Please take a look at the patch when you get a chance. If it looks fine  you can go ahead and commit using ""git am <patch file>""."	0
Created HADOOP-6281.	0
"Sorry about that  fixed now."	-1
Resolving again....	-1
"The patch looks good and the tests ran cleanly. I reindented some parts of the code  since they had twice as much indentation as the surrounding code (does your editor use tab width eight instead of four?).  Committed revision 396859."	1
This looks safe also	1
" Hi Luca,  I've applied the changes you mentioned and it worked fine on my end (Windows).  Can you try this on your end as well? I've attached the patch.  Thanks!"	1
Sounds like a good idea.	1
"Latest version still needs hudson  right?"	0
"committed! to branch hadoop-eclipse-merge. Thanks Srimanth. "	1
"Unless we switch to Antlr 3.0 ( and even though  I'm not sure this would fix the problem)  there is nothing we can do."	-1
thanks again Uwe	1
"Hi  I am still having the same problem with the 1.4.1 build. Can you please check this a.s.a.p.  Best Regards"	0
sorry.	-1
It must be lost somewhere.	-1
I looked at our distributed pom.xml and they're pretty obscure.	-1
"Ah  this is in Solr-land  sorry  thought it was Lucene. "	-1
"Added to trunk in #1098800 3.x in #1098896  sorry about visad.UnimplementedException!"	-1
"Hudson does not work well  patch has been manually tested."	0
"Bruno  you mentioned in a gtalk conversation that you had a patch for this  but I can't find it here in JIRA.. could you attach it please? thanks!"	1
"Thanks Vladimir - the patch was applied to BTI branch 2.0 at r602881. Please check that the patch was applied as you expected."	1
Thanks Kathey and Myrna. The release note looks good and it passes the ReleaseNoteReader's checks.	1
I've been running with -Xmx1024M -Xms1024M before and that worked in the past...Not sure what's going on now.	-1
"I had no idea about fetching binary data  sorry. Is it flash?  Looks like my patch addressed all three points, failing only for handling raw bytes."	-1
Cool.	1
Patch that fixes this problem and adds a test case demonstrating it.	0
trunk and 0.95.  Thanks for the review JD.	1
Thanks Martina.	1
I committed the patch branch-1 also. Thank you Andy and Slavik.	1
Hi Rich!  Thanks for taking the time to move forward on this.  I didn't have any JUnit problems at all with Maven2 when I installed it.  But clearly we're in a world of hard-to-replicate behaviors here. :)  What is the exact problem you're seeing?	1
Thanks for doing that Uma.	1
Must be: size >= 0!	-1
"Well  the fix looks good enough. Seems there is a lot of dead or half-broken code around st_print_frame() / exn_print_stack_trace()  but those deserve good refactoring all in all."	1
Bloody hell !!!	-1
"Well it's me that didn't get the whole point  now i got more  sorry for the noise."	-1
"Sorry  patch is attached "	-1
Looks good. Thanks for your work on this!	1
"I just committed this.  Thanks  Raghu!"	1
Sounds good Claudio.	1
"Interesting  I just replaced my src with the latest in the trunk and did a compleatly clean build and the problem seems to have gone away."	1
i found the class - so there is no bug - sorry	-1
"Hi Gary  I think I have a rather nice and elegant patch for this; but if you don't mind waiting  I'd like to get some clearance from my current employer.  Thanks."	1
"Guillaume   I took a quick look at your suggestions.  I agree that we can reduce the code a bit.  However, I think that we need to keep the activate method as it initializes the servingXml internals.   I'm not sure about the deactivate method.  I also noticed that you have added a patch, but, being new to jira, I'm not sure if that means that you've made changes to my attachment or something else.  Are you still looking for me to correct the formatting and to remove the extraneous methods/classes?  Thanks, James"	1
Attaching a patch with the typo fixed. I'm going to try that along HBASE-6550 and HBASE-6165 now.	0
"Hi Sandy  Thanks so much to give me such comments, that's really helpful, I will update this later."	1
I don't care what we do as long as we don't change the attributes in JSP significantly.	-1
You may want to carefully examine your assumption about this.	-1
Closing all resolved tickets from 2010 or older	0
"I'm still not in love with the sarcasm or excessive negativity.  I'll just point a few things out.  1/ I didn't veto anything, and this has nothing to do with C++.  I think it is a bad idea for us to generate code in a way that causes semantics to silently change when a new optional field is added.  This in dangerous in the long term.  2/ I have no problem reverting this change.  3/ Restoring the old constructor and marking in deprecated is probably a good idea."	1
"Hey  sorry I did not get back to you sooner."	-1
[~hustlmsp] I've created JIRA BOOKKEEPER-603 for the issue.	0
Thanks for fixing it so quickly!	1
"looks fine  thank you."	1
Especially I don't know very much about the test framework differences.	-1
Patches for 1) applied to trunk and J6	0
"hmm... i couldn't run your huge 7.5 MB application. Sorry for asking again  but will it be possible to post a ***smaller*** test case? Actually  that will also help you to isolate the issue.  - venkat"	0
Finally closing this bug from hell.	-1
That's a very promising idea !	1
Attaching a patch that adds API for accessing the other info (which is not writtent to trace file).	0
"well sorry  i didn't upload the right files"	-1
"{quote} ...but even if we don't do that, i suppose it's also conceivable that someone might have their own Similarity implementation that is expensive to instantiate (ie: maintains some big in memory data structures?) and might want to be able to declare one instance and then refer to it by name in many different fieldType declarations. {quote}  I don't think this is really a use case we need to support: the purpose of Similarity today is to do term weighting, not to be a huge data-structure holder.  While I know Mike's original patch went this way with LUCENE-2392 (e.g. norms), I'm not sure i like it being in Similarity in the future either.  Otherwise concepts like lazy-loading norms and all this other stuff get pushed onto the sim, which is an awkward place (imagine if you have many fields).  So, I think we shouldn't really design for abuses of the API. If there are other use cases for ""named similarity"" that have to do with term weighting, I'm interested. "	0
Reopening the issue to merge the changes into 10.3 codeline	0
"Sorry I haven't tried you patch."	-1
This is pretty trivial.	-1
receive()  and receive(timeout ) now return null on transport failure - so consistent behaviour with a close() on the connection.	0
sorry....	-1
"+1  Looks good  I will commit this patch."	1
Thanks Pat.	1
"Hi Daisy   could you please dispatch this review to one of your team? Mingfei did not respond on that and I would like to be certain we got all provided patches with us for 0.7.  Thanks in advance, Svante"	1
@jira - I wish you didn't suck so much.	-1
"Hi Antonio   I can take this one, if nobody is working on it.  Would be a nice one to get my feet wet... :)  Thx, Sam"	1
It will be great if you could confirm it either way first.	1
Patch looks good to me.	1
"The patch here seems to be attached to a wrong jira. Sorry about the confusion. I have re-attached the path here."	-1
Damn it !	-1
"{quote} Totally didn't know we support IN for DELETE.  Would prefer to fix by offering IN for for the other statements as well. The Antlr doesn't look too daunting w/ DELETE as an example (knock on wood). Can take a stab at that tomorrow. {quote}  This is {{multiget_slice()}} / {{multiget_count()}} and was intentionally omitted (remember?).  Not saying this is decision that can't be revisited, just reminding.  Oh, and if we do move forward, it's post-0.8, we're in a feature-freeze. :)"	1
Thanks Ashish!	1
This bug was introduced by https://issues.apache.org/struts/browse/WW-2171	0
Thanks Mark for taking care of this issue!	1
Integrated into trunk and 0.96. Thanks.	1
"Patch committed to trunk and 0.11 branch.  Zhijie  thanks for the patch!"	1
patch by Dennis Byrne. Thanks a lot!	1
This half-reuse is more confusing for new devs who see this code for the first time.	-1
"- there were a hell of a bigger problem  though : as we were blocked in the executor until the SearchRequest was totally processed  all the responses were enqueued."	-1
Committed. Thanks Yongqiang	1
"I doubt that Squid is so bad at it."	-1
"http://svn.apache.org/viewvc?view=rev&revision=468444  Deepal, Thanks!"	1
"Hmm  not quite. Added this above entry to my web.xml  but I'm unable to load the jdbc driver, oracle.jdbc.driver.OracleDriver. What's weird is that this class is in Cocoon's normal classpath. How do I specify the classpath? Once I get this answered (either here or in cocoon-users which I've also asked), I'll close the bug. "	0
"Dag commented (6/30/2011) on the commit of revision 1141368 - apparently replies on the commit messages don't make it back into JIRA  so just for the record  here is that comment: ""I didn't follow this one, but I notice setUp and teardown do not call super.setUp, super.tearDown respectively as per the idiom. Is there a reason for this here?  Notably BaseJDBCTestCase#tearDown does some cleaning up. It may not be required here, but it's generally good to stick to the idiom.""  Houx Zhang replied: ""Yes, Dag. I agree with you, and will adopt it.""  Looks like Bryan already added super.teardown with revision 1141769. "	0
That patch file didn't apply cleanly.  Here's a version that does.	0
"I have stupidly deleted the original test dir  but judging from the suite's output files  no output was created after 3 1/2 hours."	-1
"Pretty sure. The key in reproducing it seems to be non-zero bytes following the terminal zero in the array received by __rw_strtoull.  It seems normal to not be able to reproduce it consistently; I also have experienced ""dry"" runs because the buffer just happened to have been followed by an area of memory which was previously zeroed.  I tried to reproduce it on HP-UX as well but I failed. Crafting my own allocator did not help. I have spent a couple of hours on it and I am sorry I cannot spend more time to shed some more light.  All builds on all platforms with all compilers exhibit failures in the same tests in the same place. I would say this is pretty compelling evidence -- coupled with the spurious failures on selected platforms -- that there is a problem. I have my money on __rw_strtoull. :-)  Liviu"	1
This is clearly bad webserver behaviour.	-1
"Thanks Mirdul  committed in trunk r903428 and 9.04 r903429"	1
Closing all resolved tickets from 2010 or older	0
one additional example: http://www.who.int/entity/tb/publications/global_report/gtbr12_execsummary_ar.pdf	0
This really sucks!	-1
"Thanks for the very clear explanation of the needed change  Dag."	1
"bq. One possibility is that getToken of OPP can return hex value if it fails to encode bytes to UTF-8 instead of throwing error.  I can't think of how it would break anything to accept keys we previously rejected."	0
Patch 3 looks good to me too. Thanks for all the work.	1
"Thanks Adrien for looking into this  nice explanation!"	1
I've just tested the shiro trunk with karaf-2.2 release and everything works fine :)	1
"Hmm  that sucks."	-1
Thanks	1
"Hi Eli  didn't realize you were going to look at TestDatanodeBlockScanner too.  I did extensive mods to it as part of HDFS-1295.  Let's take a look and compare."	0
"if so  can you see if you can git bisect this bad boy?"	-1
Please let me know if you need something else.	1
"Sorry folks  the full fix was committed in rather a messy manner due to some platform specific issues."	-1
"Yes  it works ok now  thanks."	1
Thanks Tony.	1
change default assembly behaviour in preflight	0
+1 thanks	1
"+1. Patch looks good. Thanks Jian  and Zhijie  Bikas for the reviews."	1
Sorry.	-1
+1 on cursory review.  I like the cleanup and the tightening checking target servername too before going ahead w/ op.	1
While creating the DerbyTest I did notice that this problem is caused by the Database pool because it tries to connect to the database in the background.	-1
(This is the Debian build of the 1.0.6 RC that Sylvain just put up)	0
"I took a quick look at D (unused locals).  Most of it looks good  but I don't understand the few places where for backward compatibility there is what looks like a useless statement just to make sure a property gets read.  Won't someone else someday follow up with patch H that removes what seems to be useless code and just take those out anyway?"	1
"Turning off hints is basically intended as a ""oh shit  something is broken with hints  let's turn it off"" switch."	-1
[~apresta] thanks for the fast review.	1
Sorry for the delay.	-1
"Here's a potential fix for this. close() and hflush() now may throw InterruptedIOException if the thread has interrupt status. It's a bit tricky because they won't *always* throw it - if they weren't going to block  they will return immediately (with interrupt status preserved)"	0
" Forget the patch for the moment."	-1
Thanks Andrew for covering me.	1
"Sorry about that...  http://bit.ly/12UiaS"	-1
Committed. Thanks Navis	1
"I just committed this. Thanks  Amareshwari!"	1
HOLY SHIT!	-1
"The defect  from hell 666  be scared.."	-1
Thanks Galder:)	1
"Damn  Chuck is scary."	-1
It does not look very useful.	-1
"Awesome co-op. Thanks  Robert & Mike  for picking this up."	1
"If you run the train command you get an error in the model serializer  I suggest to train on the ppa data set  serialize the model and then load it again to ensure there are no runtime errors in this code path. Its also easier to debug in an IDE if it fails in a junit test.  That is the exception I get:  Caused by: java.lang.NullPointerException at opennlp.model.GenericModelWriter.persist(GenericModelWriter.java:91) at opennlp.tools.util.model.ModelUtil.writeModel(ModelUtil.java:71) at opennlp.tools.util.model.GenericModelSerializer.serialize(GenericModelSerializer.java:39) at opennlp.tools.util.model.GenericModelSerializer.serialize(GenericModelSerializer.java:31) at opennlp.tools.util.model.BaseModel.serialize(BaseModel.java:553) at opennlp.tools.cmdline.CmdLineUtil.writeModel(CmdLineUtil.java:173) at opennlp.tools.cmdline.namefind.TokenNameFinderTrainerTool.run(TokenNameFinderTrainerTool.java:193) at opennlp.tools.cmdline.CLI.main(CLI.java:222) ... 6 more "	0
"Sorry  forgot that dev lists were merged before JMeter was made TLP"	-1
Both equally bad.	-1
"Oh  my stupid:)"	-1
Thanks Awdesh - Done at r821748.	1
"Committed to branch  thanks Eli."	1
Sorry - the above comes across as terse.	-1
Thanks Ashutosh and Gunther for your help!	1
"Sorry for my delay. I would have answered early but I completely missed the notification mail about Christiano's comment :(  @Christiano: I've just tested it again and it seams to work for me:  {code} karaf@root> list START LEVEL 100 , List Threshold: 50 ID   State         Blueprint      Level  Name [  42] [Active     ] [            ] [   60] Apache Shiro :: Core (1.2.0.SNAPSHOT) [  43] [Active     ] [            ] [   60] Apache ServiceMix :: Bundles :: ehcache (2.3.0.1) [  44] [Active     ] [            ] [   60] Apache Shiro :: Support :: EHCache (1.2.0.SNAPSHOT) {code}  Looking into the shiro ehcache pom i found the following:  {code} <Import-Package> org.apache.shiro*;version=""${shiro.osgi.importRange}"", net.sf.ehcache*;version=""[2.3, 3)"", * </Import-Package> {code}  --> org.apache.shiro.ehcache [70]: Unable to resolve 70.0: missing requirement [70.0] package; (&(package=net.sf.ehcache)(version>=1.4.0)(!(version>=2.0.0)))  says that you're using an old snapshot-version of shiro ehcache. This could happen with the snapshots since karaf simply takes what it could find in your local mvn repo. Either simply remove your local .m2/repository/org/apache/shiro folder and let maven grep the latest version or build shiro yourself locally should fix the problem.  Sorry again for the delay and kind regards, Andreas"	-1
Please close as this is just me being stupid.	-1
Committed. Thanks a lot very much Ashish!!	1
"Thanks  Arvind"	1
"Thanks for catching this  I have fixed it."	1
Splitting an existing sub-shard gets stuck up.	-1
"Sorry  that should be  FileChannel inputChannel = input.getChannel(); FileChannel outputChannel = output.getChannel();  in the try block. "	-1
I committed the patch to trunk. Could you please submit a patch for the 0.16 branch. This one doesn't apply cleanly. Thanks!	1
"Sorry if this was not clear  and yes  by <blank> I meant an empty string."	-1
"Attached fix patch. "	0
I've just committed this. Thanks Aaron!	1
"My bad  I screwed up the assertion -> RuntimeException transition."	-1
"This is fixed in CVS (post 1.5b5). "	0
Patch attached.	0
"Created an attachment (id=9504) relevant portion of stack dump "	0
"Committed to 0.20 branch.  @Stack  any chance of some trunk love? :)  If not I will get to it later."	1
"Sorry  I guess I'm against ""never computing this shit""... because you guys think returning NaN is ok. "	-1
Thanks. Moved	1
"Thank you  Gregory  Eugene. Verified on Harmony-r547521-msvc-debug.  "	1
"v4 Patch does not apply snapshot branch ff25969ea0b2ff38cc25512a02569c351e757d66  Looks like this is built upon some of the online snaphots work.  What branch/hash does this go on Matteo?"	0
"You're results are awesome Paul. Great work :) Looking forward to see your new JSON parser in trunk whenever you think is ready."	1
Attached patch.  I plan to commit in a day or two.	0
@Paul. Can we close this?	0
"Thanks for valuable idea.  I haven't yet decided  the API for this. Once, I decide , I will publish it here . I would consider your valuable suggestion when designing API.  Thanks Indika"	1
S3 would be interesting	0
Patch is committed to the trunk. Thanks Niraj.	1
"This was a very bad bug  introduced by me being an idiot."	-1
"durrrh  that sucks."	-1
Attached	0
The rest are *totally* unrelated.	-1
"First draft. Refactor code to prepare for work mentioned above. TestLoadIncrementalHFiles passes."	0
"Sorry to close this David  but the Messenger component headed over to codehaus where I think it's pretty much dead."	-1
Thanks Koji!	1
"I am sorry if you think this is nit picking but the logged error still refers to plugins.xml but it should not:  {code} LOG.e(TAG, ""ERROR: config.xml is missing.  Add res/xml/plugins.xml to your project.""); {code}"	-1
Committed. Thanks Robert!	1
+1 patch looks good	1
Closing issue; Oozie 3.3.2 is released	0
Thanks Elena.	1
Sorry about that.	-1
"Well  either you query the database every damn time  and your plugin/tool/code will be super slow."	-1
"AfterDeploymentValidation#addDeploymentProblem failed. since we have DELTASPIKE-262, we should just enable it again for v0.4."	0
patches applied revision 434193	0
"That sucks  why isn't the escape mechanism working?"	-1
Attached patch should apply cleanly to the current trunk. Please review.	0
Address the issue of extracting runtime library info from asm module.	0
"Sorry  I clicked the ""submit"" too quickly  the revision number is r501311."	-1
+1 looks good.	1
It is good to have the test.	1
"sorry  this bug is *not* fixed."	-1
I am not sure how the build system check for ant tar failed.  It appears to be working from the console output.	0
Sorry; I hit close by accident.	-1
Committed.  Thanks for the patch J-D	1
Committed revision 568039.	0
This whole thing is really pretty trivial.	-1
"The patch is in: https://git-wip-us.apache.org/repos/asf?p=sqoop.git;a=commit;h=3865f7deec722948a60cc1746e2330bd1c5cb9e4  Thank you Vasanth!  Jarcec"	1
Thanks.	1
"committed  thanks!"	1
"Works for me. Thank you Alexei."	1
OK understood. Can you re-create the patch? It's out of sync with head at the moment.	0
"Hi Jason! I was thinking one of those parameters was the time the NM should wait before sending the SIGTERM. Alas  I was wrong ContainerLaunch.java:337 sends the SIGTERM pretty much instantly. That is messing me up in MAPREDUCE-4135.  I'm still thinking having a small time delay before sending even the SIGTERM should be good. If we can do it on the NM and not on the RM, I think we might be able to conserve RM resources. "	0
"+1 patch looks good.  I have committed this."	1
great idea	1
Committed 3a with revision 506899.	0
"{quote} searcher.getAtomicReader().getSortedDocValues(uniqueKey); {quote}  This is a performance killer."	-1
"Thanks Bryan for converting these tests.  In using the DERBY-2152 conversion tool  can you double check that it does not omit  the fail assert method after a method call in a try-catch block when the statement is expected to fail.  e.g. instead of  try { s.execute(command); } catch (SQLException e) { assertSQLState(""42502"", e); }   It should be:  try { s.execute(command); fail(""Command expected to fail"" + command); } catch (SQLException e) { assertSQLState(""42502"", e); }  "	1
"Looks good.  Applied  thanks!  http://svn.apache.org/viewvc?rev=606891&view=rev"	1
My bad.	-1
HTML is quite uncomfortable to work with.	-1
I have attached the modifications to the ClientStubWriter.java in wsdl. This modification will solve the problem. But I didn't check further memory leaks with the modifications.	0
"Fixed. Thanks for report (even if I'm not sure empty password is a good idea :-) ). "	1
"Are you using the latest Agent code? I had verified on with latest kvm agent jar copied to kvm host and tried. It worked without issues. Edision had implemented this with the above commit mentioned. Last Saturday I had verified it and its working . Migrating volume across ZONE/Cluster wide is working perfectly."	0
"My bad  this is already done."	-1
Sorry...	-1
Committed. Thanks Siying	1
Enabled garbage collection on transient and durable queue message managers.  Also added a check on capacity limit before removing idle containers.	0
Looks good to me Markus. +1	1
Sorry about the error guys.	-1
"Thanks  JinJie!"	1
It seems really confusing.	-1
Committed revision 1517592.	0
This is a duplicate of QPID-2488	0
I've just committed this. Thanks Eli!	1
"I apologize for taking so long to get to reviewing this.  This has some good elements but also quite a few problems.  Here are a few suggestions.  1. The bindingGBeans do not need to know the name of the gbean they are getting something to bind into jndi from, they need a reference to it.  Similarly they do not need to bind a naming Reference, they can bind the object itself.  For instance, the connector binding gbean can do something like this:  private final ManagedConnectionFactoryWrapper managedConnectionFactoryWrapper; // this is the reference to the gbean that gives us the connection factory to bind  ...  //now it's time to bind the connection factory  Object connectionFactory = managedConnectionFactoryWrapper.$getResource(); globalContext.bind(jndiName, connectionFactory);  This is also going to affect how the builders set up the binding gbeans: they know the name of the appropriate gbean such as managedConnectionFactoryWrapper, since they just created it, so they need to use that name to set the reference pattern in the binding gbean.  The binding gbean will then get (a proxy to) the ""real"" gbean that it can use as outlined above.  2. I don't see an implementation of a writable thread safe jndi Context, as dain pointed out you would need.  3. The zip file consists almost entirely of irrelevant files and the actual source files do not all appear to be in the geronimo project structure.  This makes it extremely hard to figure out what to look at.  4. Some of the code modifications (such as to ServiceConfigBuilder) appear to be test cases rather than production code.  It will be a lot easier to evaluate your work if you keep test cases and production code clearly separated as is done in typical maven projects.  5. I think you will need to redo the openejb work after dain's reintegration of his container rewrite.  Thanks!  Let us know if you have any questions about this."	1
The inline patch came out garbled. Same patch attached.	0
" (In this particular case  Hoss clearly intended to use the no-no word as an intensifier  and not to stir shit.)"	-1
"I'm starting to think of ""DLL Hell."""	-1
"Of course I totally agree with Yonik.  I don't care that much what the default include is (upper  lower  ...) as long as it doesn't double-count. Double-counting is bad -- it can lead to a bad user experience. There's something about ""lower"" that I feel makes it slightly better than ""upper"" but I can't really explain the rationale. I don't think there's any point in compliance with legacy if nobody depended on the behavior (they couldn't specify the behavior before either).  Just because its easy to set the include  doesn't mean the default is arbitrary.  Any way  if the default remains to double-count  I'm going to insist that my readers for the second edition of my book change this value."	0
"Kathey  I think you should just go ahead and port the fix to 10.1.  Merge command:  svn merge -r 289538:289539 https://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/db/derby/code/trunk  I have started working on a general check-that-resources-are-freed test for DERBY-23, DERBY-210 and DERBY-557, but while doing that I ran into another resource leak (DERBY-594) that I wanted to resolve first."	0
"+1 for the patch  pending successful Jenkins run for the latest version.  The changes look good.  I verified on both Mac and Windows.  Thanks for addressing this  Andrey!  I'll commit this after Jenkins responds with +1 for the latest version."	1
Re font size: sounds reasonable. Thanks.	1
"I don't have very much experience on branch-1  would you like to take a shot at the port?"	-1
"Yes I'm building MINA myself from trunk. Just to be sure  when I checkout the code from <http://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/mina/trunk> I'll get always the latest code!?  I'll see if I can some up with a little application (it may take a few days due to a lot of work I've to finish).  -Roger"	0
Thanks a lot Willem :-)	1
Thanks Martijn!	1
i suck.	-1
"Hell  UnaryFunction might even be faster than all of these calls in a row. "	-1
"I suspect it has nothing to do with the file system connector or Infinispan connectors  and is simply a (stupid) mistake in the federated join processor."	-1
"Sorry  I see that you say the same  Mike :)"	-1
"If that would be the case  this would be bad design."	-1
Ok. Stupid user Error here.	-1
Duplicate of CAMEL-6918	0
"This seems good to me. +1 to apply it"	1
Completely missed issue 614..	-1
"Alexei  the patch has been applied as expected. You can close the issue  thanks."	1
HBASE-10079 now looks like a race in the tablename caching. Not related to the locking here.	0
"The patch looks good to me. Some minors:  1. javadoc for two getINode() in SnapshotDiffList.java  2. We have DirectoryDiff, ChildrenDiff, Diff, SnapshotDiff, this is a little bit hard to follow. How about some renaming like SnapshotDiffForDirectory, SnapshotDiffForFile?  3. SnapshotDiff#combinePosterior(final D posterior, final BlocksMapUpdateInfo collectedBlocks) can be renamed to deletePosterior, or combineAndDeletePosterior, so as to distinguish with Diff#combinePosterior? "	1
path of proposed change	0
I misread.	-1
+1 great job pat.	1
Patch is attached	0
Thanks for the review jimmy.  committed to trunk.	1
I should have been very careful before doing this.	-1
"Hi Fuhwei   I was a bit worried by the big override method in your patch, so I have taken a good long look at this, but as its an area of the code I'm not very familiar with I can't necessarily jump in with an expert comment.  My current analysis of this is that EMF forces an assumption in the two lines of XSDEcoreBuilder's createFeature method  XSDTypeDefinition elementTypeDefinition = getEffectiveTypeDefinition(xsdComponent, xsdElementDeclaration); EClassifier eClassifier = getEClassifier(elementTypeDefinition);  that the type of an element is contained in the emf representation generated from the input schema.  So, if we could override getEffectiveTypeDefinition and conditionally return an XSDTypeDefinition from the metadata available within our SDO scope then we would be OK.  For the case where the type referenced in the schema was provided by an earlier XSD to SDO conversion I think we can retrieve this data, and then do whatever's necessary, if anything, to get the EClassifier based on that type definition (I haven't spent the time to dig into that as I thought now was a good time to discuss)  This wouldn't cover the case where a schema writer was assuming some types were available that hadn't been produced from an XSD,  but I don't know that that's currently a realistic use case.  If my analysis is correct we could lobby EMF to make a change so that the above two lines were incorporated into a single protected method call that didn't require the EClassifier lookup to proceed via an XSDTypeDefinition instance. Then our override would be able to return an EClassifier based on the xsdComponent and xsdElementDeclaration directly.  What do you think?  Have I missed a/the point here? "	0
"I committed this to 0.20 and above.  Thanks  Corinne!"	1
"Best regards   Andrew"	1
"Oh  signed shift!"	-1
"Sorry  misunderstood the issue!"	-1
Thanks for providing this update. WIll try to take a look at this sometime this week.	1
"Committed to trunk and 0.9 branch. Thanks  Arup!"	1
Thanks for the reviews..	1
"Release Candidate 1 of this patch.  This patch contains: + add IP Address to CrawlDatum Version 5 (as byte[4]) + a IpAddress Resolver (map runnable) tool to lookup the IP's multithreaded + add a property to define if the IpAddress Resolver should be started as a part of the crawlDb update tool to update the parseoutput folder (contains CrawlDatum Status Linked) of a segment before updating the crawlDb. + using cached IP during Generation  Please review this patch and give me any improvement suggestion, I think this is a very important issue, since it helps to do _real_ whole web crawls and not end up in a honey pot after some fetch iterations. Also if you like please vote for this issue. :-) Thanks."	1
"I just committed this.  Thanks  Sanjay!"	1
"Release audit warning are ok. The new files don't need Apache headers.  The patch is good to go"	1
"Sweet  I will review and apply."	1
I just committed this to both trunk and MR-279. Thanks Jeffrey!	1
The evil NPE strik back !!	-1
"Sorry  here's the test that reproduces the issue."	-1
[~brocknoland] Did this not patch?	0
Sorry for the misspelling ;)	-1
Great! It's been good to be able to contribute and I hope to be able to more for this awesome project when I have the spare time.	1
Committed. Thanks Ashish!	1
"Re: setReaderThread I didn't know we had such a method.  It looks like it was added here: http://cvs.apache.org/viewcvs.cgi/jakarta-commons/net/src/java/org/apache/commons/net/telnet/TelnetClient.java?rev=1.9&view=markup  Other than adding documentation to FTPClient about this, it sounds like like there isn't any other action to take on this report??? "	0
I just committed this. Thank you Scott and Priyo.	1
Awesome!	1
I sure as hell don't want to start attaching models for the sake of detaching them directly afterwards.	-1
I am planning to use this framework for some new RPCs I am adding.	-1
"Duplicate of  CLK-121 which is already fixed  Thanks Malcolm"	1
"Ok. I will do that. Adrian  thanks for taking a look at this. :) "	1
Sorry for delay. This patch is including LRU cache. But changing static class into member is not done. What should I do?	-1
"Sorry for a mess in uploaded files  my connection got broken during first upload."	-1
But I'm probably not an JMX expert... ;-)	1
"Committed to branch and trunk  thanks for the review Stack."	1
I'll add resuableToken support to this patch.	0
"Commited in r823180 thx robert"	0
"bq. I'm attaching a patch which adds a second query() method to SolrServer which takes the request method as the second argument.  Shouldn't that be specific to an HTTP server?"	0
Thanks Hairong!	1
"Holy complicated-as-shit-algorithm  Batman!  The complexity of our implementation vs the complexity of what we're actually doing is starting to worry me here."	-1
"Shit  I missed a cast."	-1
"cool  no worries."	1
"Patch  failover-slave-2b.diff committed as revision 633043."	0
Thanks senaka for the patch.	1
"Ok  I just downloaded trunk and the patch is 99% the same with mine so I'll close the issue now...One comment though and sorry for nitpicking...Shouldn't the second constructor simply be ""this(patterns  null);"" or even better ""this(patterns  ""default"");"" ? In any case I can confirm it works - it just looks a bit ugly duplicating code like that... :) "	-1
"Hi Ian  this looks brilliant to me! So fat +1 from me."	1
"On 2008-10-20 11:43:52.354 woflexair commented: Joan,  sorry for the noise in the bugbase but it's not a bug."	-1
sorry for delay	-1
"Committed to trunk. Thanks for the review, Alan!"	1
Created recovery mechanism jira at HBASE-4652	0
"bq. accountNames => {""shalinmangar"" ""steffkes"" ""otis"" 'ErikHatcher'}  Shalin, Stefan, Otis, and Erik: I've added all of you to the solr-committers, solr-admins, and confluence-administrators groups."	0
Committed revision 1331262.	0
"Heh  that's one hell of a bug  275 bytes exactly  eh?"	-1
"Yes  updated the rb just now. Sorry  no perf numbers yet. Let me run some experiments for that. Thanks."	1
"Hey Vikram-- sorry about that  I haven't paid much attention to this issue."	-1
"Committed  thanks"	1
"Hi  I have re-based the patch based on the latest master branch.  Please review and let me know if any changes are required."	0
"So there is another thing here  by deferring the evictions to the background thread you increase the chance that the block will be tenured then it must be collected from CMS space, thus radically increasing the GC complexity of the cache.  Originally when the LRU block cache came in, it made my collections 10x as slow until I disabled the block cache for compactions.  Unfortunately all these micro-optimizations might be falling under the GC wayside.   "	0
Looks good!	1
"Sorry  but look at mapSubtract and further down in the source you will find plenty."	-1
"Hey  you're right  that idea was probably not the best approach to the problem - 0.6 looks really nice  looking forward to it :)"	1
"Otherwise  hopefully someone else will improve this code when they've got some time."	1
"+1  Jihoon, Thank you for your contribution.  Sergio, Thank you for your review."	1
"Hi Anders   I agree with Knut,  this issue can be marked as fixed,   Thanks a lot for  working on this improvement.  -suresh  "	1
"We'll get it fixed soon  sorry for the inconvenience. I just wanted to point you (and others who may land here) to alternative resources meanwhile :)"	-1
"Patch applied in revision 1055819. "	0
"I don't care if everything is pretty or not  but we should at least support basic admin functionality in IE IMO (though I have not used it for years for just about anything)."	-1
"Done at 946323 and 946322 Thanks Blas !"	1
"Gregory  thanks - the patch is applied as expected. "	1
"HADOOP-2949: - If tarball is specified, HOD no longer validates for the pkgs directory in gridservice-hdfs or mapred sections as these are not going to be used anyway."	-1
Thanks	1
In revision 1406185 I applied the patch from https://github.com/jukka/jackrabbit-oak/commit/e01558418008e41a94c44ea00494f6a939ed58a2. This fixes the problem.	0
Thanks to Edward and Brock for the reviews.	1
Sorry.	-1
"+1  This is a very desired feature for me. Ship it!"	1
"Thanks a lot for the review  Todd.  The test failure is unrelated and is already tracked by another JIRA. I'm going to commit this momentarily."	1
Awesome - thanks so much for the submission Scott!	1
"@mahadev - I would love to help test a patch :) I'm currently using 3.3.1 + ZOOKEEPER-744 + ZOOKEEPER-790  applied in that order."	1
"Ie  both at are bad."	-1
"Well  that sucks."	-1
I'm sorry for making it confusing.	-1
"Tim   The fix is good. Please close this JIRA. Thanks a lot."	1
"All existing documentation/discussion from Moin Moin wiki now copied across to Confluence JIRA and re-formatted as appropriate.  Should now all be updating on Confluence wiki and retire Moin Moin in a couple of weeks when people have been able to check that their pages look ok on Confluence."	0
My bad.	-1
Thank you very much for your effort David.	1
"Hi.  The code above is a copy of the CharsetUtil class just run within a Junit Test case.  There is no exception other than junit.framework.AssertionFailedError.  Are you able to reproduce the error?  Thanks  Richard"	1
"This patch adds some getting started documentation and also a new page about configuration. I've removed the individual pages for services in the absence of something to write there  but we can add back as needed. I've also commented out some broken links that won't be live until we do a release.  I think we could make this live now. Thoughts?  BTW before applying the patch run:  svn mv site/src/site/confluence/getting-started.confluence site/src/site/confluence/quick-start-guide.confluence"	0
"> then we don't save IO by limiting the buffer size to 1 KB  I'm confused by this."	-1
"Thanks a lot for sharing that  Josh!"	1
Added license headers.	0
The patch looks good.	1
dupe CB-675. See my latest comment there regarding Cordova 2.1.0	0
Sorry I've been MIA on this issue.	-1
"Wow  thanks Raghu  that's awesome and will save me a ton of time. "	1
Committed to trunk and branch-0.4. Thanks Rohini.	1
This was my bad.	-1
"Integrated to TRUNK.  Thanks for the patch Ramkrishna.  Thanks for the review Michael and J-D."	1
"Sorry  we are no longer using Xerces."	-1
"Nice try :-)  I was Mr I dont believe in magic from the very beginning."	1
Thanks Thomas!	1
"Sorry for that ! It's sometimes hard for us to describe a usecase that is so clear for us, but indeed not always for somebody else. Thanks for the time, and we'll try harder to explain in the future.  About the jira issue, we'll try with full url's instead. This worked in 1.5.8 and 6.0.0, so we thought it was a bug. But now we know that it's just not supported anymore."	1
"So  I'm fine with your logic  but given that I don't understand it please don't get upset when I ask questions on how I have to use it."	-1
"Sorry again  I tried with the same revision  same language  same theme and I use also FF4 and I still don't reproduce (see screenshot-1)  It would be interesting ot have other persons tests"	-1
I misunderstood the case and sorry for the confusion.	-1
"Hi Guillaume   I did not have an answer right away, so I sent you question to Leonard Rosenthol."	-1
This was a temporary connectivity issue.  You can close this bug.  Thank you.	1
"Committed  thanks Jingwei."	1
"bq. {{ catch (InterruptedException ignore) { Thread.currentThread().interrupt(); } }}  Resetting the interrupt status of the thread is a good idea when we can't just re-throw the InterruptedException, but IMHO we should in that case *also* throw a TikaException to indicate that the requested operation couldn't be completed normally:  {code} ... } catch (InterruptedException e) { Thread.currentThread().interrupt(); throw new TikaException(""Interrupted"", e); } ... {code}  When the {{Process.waitFor()}} call is interrupted we can't just blindly assume that the process completed normally. Explicitly throwing an exception is a better approach in such cases."	0
Currently the user passwords are too insecure.	-1
huh ... i thought i did resolve this.	-1
"Sorry to hack your issue Bilgin  my intention is to keep readable traces (in ML you can't read easily stack)"	-1
"Best regards  Andrew"	1
Updating patch synch'ed with trunk.	0
"Looks excellent.  Really sweet.  + Where does the jar come from and whats its license? + The REST API  looks good.  Very RESTy.  There might be little nitpicks later but for it looks great.  How different is it from current REST.  Should the two be the same?  If not, how to deprecate the old? + The annotations look interesting.  Could their serializations be used in other contexts, the shell say?  Or -- warning -> crazy-thought coming -- somehow producing thrift IDL? + In hadoop/hbase, line lengths are < 80 chars (Your new classes are missing apache license, classes are missing comments describing what class is about, etc). + Is there anything we could do refactoring HTable say, so your modeling was easier?  Looks like lots of code in your Cell and Database controllers.   Should our client be taking on this model? + Can you add a note on how you've changed how REST works, high-level?  Thats all for now."	1
"Someone  but I'm not sure who  owes me a public apology here.  /Larry  "	-1
"'count' is protected by 'lock'  also extract() and removeAt()   and before invoking extract() and removeAt()  there has check to make sure 'count' not zero. So I can't see any chance that 'count' could be invalidate in extrac() and removeAt()."	0
zoo_multi and zoo_amulti crash for the same reason.  Made some local fixes here.	0
"I rather we don't work on older versions.  If this is still an issue in 2.3.1  please submit a new patch for 2.3.1.  Thanks."	1
Thanks Uwe!	1
"Could you make sure that the following path exists on your machine:  C:\Program Files\Apache\Tomcat 6.0\webapps\ode\WEB-INF/jpadb  It sometimes happen that Tomcat, for some reason, fails to open the WAR which results in an incomplete deployment."	0
"Looks fine to me.  Oleg"	1
"I have committed this.  Thanks  Junping!"	1
"Truth is that  the sheer size of CFStore (over 2K line) annoys me. I think this prove CFStore has too much things in it and we messed up at encapsulation. So I tried to make DataTracker be about dealing with the memtables and sstables as much as possible. And being able to have View not leak from DataTracker sound like a proof that we do have some encapsulation there. I'm not claiming it's perfect  but I really don't think that CFStore is our most beautiful class in there and I do believe that DataTracker improves this a bit.  But there is a good part of subjectivity in all this anyway. And if people really don't like the move of the bits of querying in there, fine, I'd move them back in CFStore and leak the View from DataTracker. I would however be more reluctant to remove DataTracker altogether and put the AtomicReference in CFStore. Because this would move all the CAS related logic in CFStore and seriously there is already too much stuff in CFStore. My humble opinion though. "	0
https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/OFBADMIN/OFBiz+Contributors+Best+Practices#OFBizContributorsBestPractices-HowtoSendinYourContributions%28orhowtocreateandapplypatches%29	0
"Damn it  sry lost the orientation."	-1
Looks like this is fixed :)	1
Thanks for the explanation +1 for the patch.	1
"Closing issues which have been released. "	0
"Looks good.  bq. I didn't add Version to StopFilter nor StopAnalyzer; I think it's better to up-front require the ""enablePositionIncrements"" to their ctors.  I would add it to StopAnalyzer, StopFilter is not so important (because low-level). But that's my opinion."	1
Previous patch was wrong. Here a new one.	0
I think this is pretty close to being ready.	1
Pull it back in if you think different.	-1
Closing all resolved tickets from 2010 or older	0
"And debugging is hell  because the test environment needs to have the exact same loader setup."	-1
"I committed this change.  Thanks for reporting the issue Kazuki:  {code} Index: src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hbase/client/HConnectionManager.java =================================================================== --- src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hbase/client/HConnectionManager.java        (revision 1074909) +++ src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hbase/client/HConnectionManager.java        (working copy) @@ -300,7 +300,6 @@ // initialize zookeeper and master address manager this.zooKeeper = getZooKeeperWatcher(); masterAddressTracker = new MasterAddressTracker(this.zooKeeper, this); -      zooKeeper.registerListener(masterAddressTracker); masterAddressTracker.start();  this.rootRegionTracker = new RootRegionTracker(this.zooKeeper, this); {code}"	0
"First draft.  This just does the mapping in the constructor to the comparator.  We could do setNextReader  but I can't imagine it will really make much difference given the small number of items that we typically would expect to be elevated."	0
+1. Patch looks good. I want to wait until FALCON-85 is committed to commit this else I'll have to regenerate the merge patch. Sorry about that.	1
"It's only committed to the trunk at present (you can check this by selecting the ""All"" tab in the ""Activity"" section).  @Willem: Anything other to do here? I'm asking because the issue is still in the status open. Any reason not to back port this feature also to our 2.10.x and 2.9.x feature branch?"	0
"I would love it in 3.3.2  will upload a patch for that version."	1
Changing resolution to WFM	0
Doing it at the hackathon you'd have a few fellas at your shoulder to give you pointers should you get stuck.	-1
"It's kind of annoying to have to use 4GB of temporary space  Nope, it only writes the compressed file to disk; {{gzip -1}} compresses 4GB of zeros to 18 MiB."	-1
"[INFO] Repository Target 'org.apache.tez' is created. [INFO] Staging Profile 'org.apache.tez' is created. [INFO] Privileges (CRU) 'org.apache.tez - Public Repositories' are created. [INFO] Privileges (CRUD) 'org.apache.tez - Snapshots' are created. [INFO] Role 'org.apache.tez Deployment Role' is created. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'acmurthy'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'billgraham'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'bikas'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'bobby'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'cdouglas'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'daryn'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'ddas'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'gates'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'gopalv'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'gunther'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'hitesh'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'hashutosh'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'jghoman'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'jitendra'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'jlowe'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'julien'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'kevinwilfong'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'mattmann'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'mliddell'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'namit'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'nroberts'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'omalley'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'sseth'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'tgraves'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'tomwhite'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'vikram'. [INFO] Role 'tez' is added to user 'vinodkv'. -- Nexus repository was prepared successfully. --  Configuration has been prepared, now you can: * Deploy snapshot artifacts into repository https://repository.apache.org/content/repositories/snapshots * Deploy release artifacts into the staging repository https://repository.apache.org/service/local/staging/deploy/maven2 * Promote staged artifacts into repository 'Releases' * Download snapshot and release artifacts from group https://repository.apache.org/content/groups/public * Download snapshot, release and staged artifacts from staging group https://repository.apache.org/content/groups/staging "	0
"Just back from vacation. Have updated the code with required changes. It should be good to go now. Pradeep can you or any other committer review it ?  "	0
"Patch is not well formed  cancel patch.  Sorry about this."	-1
This looks good to me. +1 pending beta-8.	1
Thanks Alejandro .	1
"Oh  thank you lohit. Then should we close this issue?"	1
I'm confused.	-1
"Many thanks  Neeme."	1
+1 The patch looks good to me.	1
Thanks for the patch Erik (and Jon)	1
"Whoops  sorry."	-1
"Anton and Spark  updated patch applied at revision r447348  thanks a lot for this enhancement  please verify that the problem is fully fixed as you expected. "	0
"Code looks good to me  patch's been committed  thanks!  Awesome to now be able both the 0.8 and 0.9 messaging API through the same interface, this is going to save us a lot of headaches :)"	1
Hell or high water.	-1
"+1  patch looks good. "	1
patch that replaces the numeric constant value with the symbolic name of the enumerated constant	0
"Sorry  I dont understand  are you saying that this will not be fixed for minOccurs=0?  And the workaround is to set minOccurs=1?  Thanks  Chris"	1
I've upped the httpd timeout from 5 mins to 30. I didn't see any OutOfMemoryErrors in the logs so hopefully this will fix it. Please give it another try.	0
Thanks Jacques :)	1
"Incorporating Konstantin's comment  Thanks, Mayank"	1
Committed trunk and 0.92 branch.  Thanks for the patch N.	1
"RMAppAttemptImpl.recoverAppAttemptTokens()  Looks like all changes in RMAppImpl are unnecessary."	-1
"Created an attachment (id=13383) Patch to apsupport.m4 to support AMD64 "	0
"Committed to trunk. Thanks  Harish!"	1
"Yes  that's it.  Since it fixes the problem, I'll commit the fix."	0
"I just committed this to trunk. Thank you Uma.  The patch does not apply to 0.23 branch any more. I recommend it for back porting."	1
"I'm not sure what the problem is  but the behavior (at least in 0.1.4) is that the _isClosed AtomicBoolean is not being set to closed in a timely manner."	-1
Reopening this to keep track of progress in WTP's Bug 200715.	0
"Created an attachment (id=7421) patch to o.a.c.l.SystemUtils.java. Modified declaration order. "	0
"@Oleg  please accept that my ""logical"" is different from your ""logical""."	-1
+1 patch looks good.	1
"Just to clarify... you made the DTPE handle exceptions the same way as CassandraDaemon by updating it to use NBHS instead of CSLS...  Did you just tell me to go fuck myself?"	-1
"I don't understand why we need these methods  since they are inherited from InetAddress  so we are compliant with the spec. "	0
"Hi  which version do I need to apply the patch on?  "	0
This looks good to me.	1
Didn't got the time to try it yet.	-1
"Created an attachment (id=12011) LazyDynaClass Test Case "	0
You would need to implement session resume; thats a whole new can of worms.	-1
"* Replaced TreeMap with an Array of final 'Segment' objects ** (now very slightly faster than trunk) * Rebased for trunk * Removed the patch renaming SSTableReaderTest to SegmentedFileTest  I didn't remove the builder pattern, because the alternative seems pretty ugly (copying the segments array for every append)."	-1
"Hi Bruno   I like it, seems to work well at 1st glance  Thanks!"	1
I don't care about code duplication here.	-1
"I committed this. Thanks  Jay!"	1
"Hi Thiwanka   I assume you're referring to this code which checks the character offset and produces progress events if the XMLLocator has advanced at least 2K:  public void startElement (QName element, XMLAttributes attributes, Augmentations augs) throws XNIException { if(locator.getCharacterOffset() == 0) { reportProgressEvents(); nextCharOffset += 2048; }else if(locator.getCharacterOffset() > nextCharOffset) { reportProgressEvents(); nextCharOffset += 2048; }  //Call the AbstractDOMParser.startElement() super.startElement(element, attributes, augs); }  That looks fine to me.  Just mentioned this to Ishara... In future it would be easier to review changes if you created a patch (e.g. diff -u) which shows the differences between the previous version. Generally also better to add source files as an attachment to the JIRA issue rather than including it directly as a comment. This makes it easier to review and apply to the codebase.  Thanks. "	1
Seems to work reliably now.	1
maybe we can replace wsn-http-binding in the future	0
I've looked at what can be done within the NSIS framework we use to build the Windows installer.	-1
Thanks guys for saving mankind!	1
"Thanks  Karthik!  I committed this to trunk  branch-2  and branch-2.1-beta."	1
"And I notice that the marcuse/4338 line still doesn't have latency metrics  if you'd like me to re-run for those stats  I can. Just need to rebase off of CASSANDRA-6153 (or rewrite my tool to use a known good cassandra-stress; right now it just takes the one from the same branch it's testing.)"	0
Lets fix this post rampart-1.3	0
Enjoy!	1
Thanks for the patch Greg. Applied at r1153789	0
"no  sorry - priorities have been shifted around..."	-1
Committed. Thanks Zheng!	1
Thanks Brock!	1
"Done  Thanks chatra"	1
Many thanks ... looks good	1
Committed @revision 1340076 in trunk	0
+1. Looks good to me.	1
"Can put the info in this file on people: -rwx------  1 dblevins  dblevins  0 Jul 12 21:00 /home/dblevins/INFRA-5044 "	0
A PDF which demonstrates the problem	0
"committed to 0.94  0.95 and trunk  Thanks Jerry for the patch and Stack for the review!"	1
"Brock commented two test failed.  org.apache.hadoop.hive.cli.TestNegativeMinimrCliDriver.testNegativeCliDriver_mapreduce_stack_trace_hadoop20 org.apache.hcatalog.fileformats.TestOrcDynamicPartitioned.testHCatDynamicPartitionedTable  Can you assert that? I cannot reproduce."	0
Cool - good information to have.  Thanks Lance!	1
"umm ... call me crazy  but why are we making this public?"	-1
"Committed revision 1504570. Committed revision 1504596. Committed revision 1504597. "	0
"Yes  sorry I forgot to mention this :-) But a header where this is stored would work great, and probably there should be a config item if you want it or not. "	-1
"Committed revision 700277. "	0
Sorry.	-1
Sorry but this is just stupid.	-1
"Thanks  Aaron!"	1
"You're right  I didn't check what the warning was about and assumed it was due to your patch. Resubmitting it.  And yes, I'll create a jira for the findbugs warning."	0
Very cool.	1
Committed and was my first commit. Thanks to all.	1
Much obliged! Thank you! :)	1
"Sorry Alvaro   lot of things need to be done at the same time.  But I am still not 100% clear what you want me to do / change.  I put installation/wiki links on top-right now: http://incubator.apache.org/openmeetings/index.html  What about the links to the Tutorials, you want to put those in the section ""Installation and Upgrade"" right?  Sebastian"	-1
Commited to trunk.	0
"Committed to trunk. Thanks  Thejas!"	1
Code looks cool.	1
"Never mind  figured it out  will be committing patch in the next few days."	0
bq. First of welcome :) Thank you.	1
"No unit test  sorry (but there's not much deltaQuery coverage anyway)."	-1
Plugman seems to not honour the npm proxy in fact. That's the problem.	0
"+1 The patch looks good to me. I will commit this later."	1
"Yes  for create/append"	0
"Here is a stronger/generalized version of this patch. Due to a lack to time on my part  this has not been compiled or tested  (sorry). Please test if you can David/Joachim."	-1
"sorry  last patch was missing new files"	-1
This just seems really evil.	-1
"No  this is not the right fix. HDFS can *not* depend on MapReduce. Please remove the dependence completely."	0
Fixed. Committed revision 745895.	0
"Looks like this problem is bigger than I thought.  I can't even get a simple form without dot-stuffing to work.  Parsing this simple script:  require [""fileinto"", ""reject"", ""tag"", ""flag""];  # reply if anyof (header :contains ""subject"" ""test reply"") { reply ""text:"" This is the first line This is the second line . ; stop; }  results in  org.apache.jsieve.parser.generated.TokenMgrError: Lexical error at line 8, column 1.  Encountered: ""."" (46), after : """" at org.apache.jsieve.parser.generated.SieveParserTokenManager.getNextToken(SieveParserTokenManager.java:609) at org.apache.jsieve.parser.generated.SieveParser.getToken(SieveParser.java:625) at org.apache.jsieve.parser.generated.SieveParser.jjtreeOpenNodeScope(SieveParser.java:10) "	0
"Thanks Alok Agnihotri for your valuable patch. Special thanks to Rishi Solanki,Pranay Pandey,Brajesh Patel and others in helping Alok.  Changes are in rev # 607341.  -- Ashish Vijaywargiya"	1
"Forgot to mention:  Thanks to Alejandro and his team for pointing this one..."	1
"Oh one more thing on the tests. You have if (JVMInfo.JDK_ID >= 6) { ... test  should it b if (JVMInfo.JDK_ID >= 5) { ?  "	0
Sorry about that...	-1
"Great  I think we are all on the same page  then! We'll move forward down this route. Thanks for taking a look."	1
"I now realize hadoop-1662 is required. So i will wait. Thanks."	1
Thank you for the patch Sergey.	1
Applied. Thanks!	1
"sorry  After investigation  the real source of the problem is when a tag is using dots (<a.variable>)  Apparently, XMLConfiguration does not support this.  Should it ? "	-1
"Hadoop-475 is for making reduce value iterators cloneable.  Hadoop-531 is for sorting on multiple keys  "	0
Good suggestion Claus and thanks Alexander for the fast realization.	1
"Created an attachment (id=6644) SSL Guide (take 1) "	0
"I suggest a potspone to 3.0  as we will redesign the chain."	0
"Oh  I didn't consider one flow like after the edit log conversion  immediately #store failed."	-1
Quick fix to interchange the order of constructor arguments of ClientIdAndTopic.	0
"> Do you think attached patch is generic?  Nothing is generic until it's used in more than one place.  The above isn't complete (it needs, e.g., 'read()' and 'seek()' implementations) but it looks like a good start.  But the real question is to you: could you use the above?  Can you present the data and checksums as input streams that support read(byte[], int, int) and seek(long)?  It also assumes a particular checksum implementation, CRC32.  If we wish to allow for others, that aspect could be generalized by adding a codec-like interface for checksummers.  But I think we should probably skip that this iteration. "	0
Changes look reasonable to me.	0
Sorry I put a comment here which was for another issue (tired as said already)	-1
fix also applied to the Native SDO repo on revision 671633	0
I can also see this would get screwed up in Zookeeper mode if the elevate file didn't exist.	0
"Thanks  Jarcec!"	1
"Committed  thanks Maheshwaran."	1
Sorry clicked the wrong button. Its intended for inclusion.	-1
This isn't a bug. These tests are outdated and it was unclear that they were useful. They have Junit @Ignore annotations that cause them to be skipped (on purpose).	0
I'm a pretty strong -0 on this.	-1
Sorry - I just didn't read the issues carefull enough.	-1
This was my accident.  I had the wrong JIRA opened.  This should have been filed against Apache Drill.  Opened DRILL-146 instead.  Sorry	-1
"Created an attachment (id=1425) Proposed patch "	0
Committed to trunk. Thanks Edward.	1
Bugs like this make me sad.	-1
"I think SSTableDeletingTask is a good spot  I just wasn't sure if that would be appropriate."	1
"Oops  my bad  sorry. I indeed did not 'svn add' the new classes since I don't have write access to the repository anyway. But this way 'svn diff' goes wrong  of course. I will submit a new patch on Monday when I'm back at my working machine. I'm really sorry for the incovencience!"	-1
Bulk close after 3.5 is released	0
Yes it can be resolved. Thank You!	1
"I am checking out the dojo fixes and patching them in  sorry for the delay  it has been a long time "	-1
"Dang  just realized this might be hard.  Each individual node can't really predict when/where conflicts will happen. So how would it avoid compacting away the shared parent?"	0
"Hi colin  I agree that scatter/gather typically refers to multiple input tuples of (position  length). Yes  we can extend the api to include that.  The reason my original proposal did not include that was because I was mostly targetting this api to reduce the number of buffer copies. "	0
"Created an attachment (id=8392) patch "	0
"abhi   can this be assigned to someone  thanks /sudha"	1
"Thanks! I have not tried it yet, but it looks good to me.  "	1
branch_3x: Committed revision 1003739.	0
"Done  sorry for all the mess on a simple patch."	-1
The patch is attached.	0
+1 patch looks good. Please submit the patch for verification so it can be committed into the trunk and merged all the way back. Thanks.	1
"Hi Malcolm   updated for the latest check-style.  Christian"	0
"yes  go ahead.   "	0
"Thanks Oliver  that's fixed it. "	1
Reopened because of issues with RC5	0
Thanks Tom!	1
"Ashish  This is working fine for me. Please take a look at https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/OFBIZ-2277"	1
"Committed to 0.11.1 branch and trunk. Thanks a ton Kai!"	1
oh ...geez I'm an idiot.	-1
"I've committed this to 0.94 0.95 and trunk. Thanks for the patch gautam. "	1
"Hi  Gianmarco  Thanks for your concern. Actually we need one additional step to make bin/pig work. We shall copy $PIG_HOME/build/pig-0.8.0-dev.jar to $PIG_HOME/pig-0.8.0-core.jar. This will be handled in ant's ""package"" target when releasing. But if you check out from svn, we will do this additional step to work with bin/pig."	1
"Patch 003 for removing the getPlatformPath code was applied at repo revision r818803. "	0
Committed revision 1506513. Thanks Vinay.	1
"Thanks for your comments  Konstantin."	1
"But it was not the only issue: we also want to manage priorities between the tasks  but we need to read them to get enough information to make the right priorities. "	-1
"StringBuilder is used because we can't stream JSON row before we have all columns serialized (columns serialized in portions according to PAGE_SIZE)  see serializeRow(SSTableReader  SSTableIdentityIterator  DecoratedKey  PrintStream) method. If you have a better idea then using StringBuilder in this case  please share..."	0
sorry for your time.	-1
Assigning back to Dag.	0
"reopening issue for a partial revert as requested by Tsuy  see http://mail-archives.apache.org/mod_mbox/incubator-clerezza-dev/201009.mbox/%3CAANLkTikODvHWEzyUzsseJ7nZWjUDFhri6qKxjBmiS9WF@mail.gmail.com%3E"	0
"Unfortunately  we can't do that  because that is not explicit on the spec javadoc  and there is a way to do what is expected using ""targets"" property."	-1
"John: first off  i want to apologize for the *extremely* belated patch review ... I know i told you i'd try to look at this months ago  but ... yeah ... life tends to get in the way of patches.  on the whole, things seem pretty good -- although you were still using an interface instead of an abstract class.  Having the main API for a type of plugin be an abstract class is an important mechanism to help future proof ourselves against possible additions we want to make the the plugin API in the future; if it's an interface we can't really change it once it's released (because we might break people Impls); if it's an abstract class, we can always provide a default impl for people.  the biggest concern i have about this patch at the moment is that there are no tests, and no example configs, so it's hard to be sure it's even working at all :)  here's what i see as the current todo list for this issue...  1) there are some legacy SolrIndexSearcher constructors that need to delegate to the SolrCore to get indexReaderFactory ... perhaps we should have a helper method that decides which SolrIndexConfig to use based on the ""name"" ? 2) we need tests showing custom IndexReaderFactory getting used (even if it's just a mock IndexReaderFactory thatsets a boolean to show it's being used) ... this will also serve as a test that config syntax works. 3) need commented out example of using a custom indexReaderFactory in example/solr/conf/solrconfig.xml 4) sanity check this against SOLR-465, make sure we aren't painting ourselves into a corner. 5) we should make IndexReaderFactory use the AbstractPluginLoader stuff and remove the guts of SolrIndexConfig.loadIndexReaderFactory.  It looks like we'll need to add a ""single item"" version of load to the AbstractPluginLoader to make that work well.  #5 is something that can be done after this is committed, but 1-4 are pretty important.  If you can update the patch with some configs/tests i'll think about the legacy SolrIndexSearcher constructors and try to figure out a good solution for them "	1
"Patch looks great!  Thanks Artem.  No more mixing in of fuzzy-ness into AnalyzingSuggester.  It looks like we are doing the utf8 conversion + det twice per lookup, once in convertAutomaton and once in getFullPrefixPaths.  But, I think this is inevitable: the first conversion is on the ""straight"" automaton, for exactFirst match, and the second one is on the lev automaton, for non-exactFirst.  Really we should only do the first convertAutomaton if exactFirst is true ... but this is an optimization so we don't need to fix it now. "	1
"I can't think of a good reason to snapshot the entire keyspace  and doing so can dramatically increase the space needed to enable snapshot_before_compaction."	0
Duplicate of COUCHDB-1415	0
"Thanks for your patch and your investigations! I reopen the issue  will apply the patch soon."	1
"Patch that adds this in  along with some extra whitespace removal from that chunk of the javadoc."	0
"the compiler works more or less good enough  not perfect  but it should minimize the manual labor we have to perform. "	0
Submit to hudson.	0
"Johannes --  Thanks for the complete testcase! Sorry about taking so long to fix this one.  Thanks, Rick"	1
"Committed to trunk with revision 467578. Committed to 10.2 with revision 467580."	0
" Patch applied to FOP trunk, see r793095.  Thanks for the fix!"	1
"I just committed this. Thanks  Amareshwari!"	1
Committed. Thanks Hitesh	1
+1 the new patch looks good.	1
v3 up in PB. Thanks for the reviews	1
"It'd work but it's a halfway hack to the real fix we should do in 0.92.  My points is that I think it is a good idea in general to raise this timeout (while adding configs so you don't necessarily have to wait since smallish clusters could use the max param if they want to speed this up)... we have run into the situation where not all RS came in the 3 second window (which really is too small given heartbeat frequency) so I've already ramped up the config timeout for fb production.  But I'm fine implementing the halfway fix if my argument still doesn't win you over :)"	0
Applied the patch with revision 170884.  Thanks Carlin for the detailed updates (and for all the fixed double-dashes :)).	1
"Sorry for the late reply. Your corrections look good  I've just applied them. Thanks!"	-1
m2 layout	0
that's nice! The patch looks good Emanuele :)	1
Replaced J2eeContextImpl.newContext(...) to J2eeContextImpl.newModuleContext(...)	0
+1 23 patch changes look trivial.  Thanks!	1
"this class  funny coincidence :)  What are you thoughts about QueryParser being able to know about custom Query implementations?"	1
Stupid user error :)	-1
Why the hell is this not a bug?	-1
"Hi Brandon  Let me know if the attached patch is sufficient... It looks like the following.  Address         DC          Rack        Status State   Load            Owns    Token	0
My bad.	-1
Thanks Jarcec - that clarifies.	1
committed to branch-4.0 and trunk. Thanks Rohini.	1
"Thanks  Ravi!"	1
"thanks  nandana"	1
Pull it back in if you think different.	-1
Damn...	-1
"Oh  how this warms my heart to see this...  Thanks Daniel - I know you've worked hard on this :)"	1
"The guy on our team that was going to do this was swamped  so I re-assigned this to you."	-1
"Hi Rupert!  Sorry it took so long but i thought i'd test building in a linux environment too so i set up a Centos 6.3 machine running Maven 3.0.4 and Java 1.6_41.  Got the exact same error on both machines. I have attached corresponding logs both from windows8 and centos to this issue. Link here: https://issues.apache.org/jira/secure/attachment/12570981/surefire_reportsR1450112_win8_centos6.3.zip  Kind regards Esse  EDIT: I'll also run mvn clean install for just jenatdb with logging when i get home."	-1
"Spark  patch applied at revision r440604  thanks a lot for this enhancement  please verify that the problem is fully fixed as you expected. "	1
Thanks Tom!	1
+1. Code looks good.	1
This is quality work.	1
